========================================================================
  TRANSCRIPT
========================================================================
  Video ID   : s3KnSb9b4Pk
  URL        : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3KnSb9b4Pk
  Extracted  : 2026-03-18 16:30:09 UTC
  Words      : 4,520
  Lines      : 667
========================================================================

Hello all, my name is Krishna Nayak and
welcome to my YouTube channel. So guys,
today in this particular video, we are
going to go ahead and see the entire
road map to learn AI in 2025
and here I'm going to provide you all
the free resources, videos and
materials. So please make sure that you
watch this video till the end. And why I
am actually making this specific video?
The reason is very simple because right
now generative AI, agentic AI that is
the talk of the town. Everybody should
at least have the idea about generative
AI application, generative agentic AI
applications, how you should go ahead
and build. Whether you are coming from a
developer background, whether you are
program managers, whether you are in the
leadership position, everybody should
know this. The reason is very simple
because here you'll be able to derive
some amazing projects. Many companies
more than 80 percentage of companies
more than 70 percentage of companies are
working on different different kind of
generative AI applications they're
building rag applications they're using
different kind of LLM models but still
the question rises kish I'm a fresher
please tell me a specific path kish I'm
an experienced professional I'm working
in this particular technology I really
want to make a transition into AI so for
that what should be the kind of road map
there was also question like kish I am
10 plus years of experience I'm not that
interested in coding but definitely I
want to get into AI right so you tell me
a specific pro road map how we should go
ahead and learn so in this particular
video I am going to cover all these
questions in a much more efficient
manner this video will be little bit
longer because here I've created a very
efficient road map within 8 months of
time frame you should be able to
complete this if you are starting from
scratch right other than this just
follow this particular road map I have
provided free videos resources just go
ahead and watch it you will definitely
be able to do amazing things over here
so quickly I will go ahead and share my
screen so here you can see that I have
written this amazing road map to learn
AI in 2025
and here I have you know drawn three
different routes one is the traditional
route
The second one is the modern route and
the third one is something called as an
advanced route. Now why do we actually
require this routes? I will discuss
about this in a much more detailed
manner. So let's say uh as I said this
road map actually incorporates for
everyone whether you are a fresher
whether you are an experienced
professional
whether you are a leader you are in a
leadership position and whether you are
a person who is also coming from a
complete non-technical background. Okay,
nontechnical background basically means
let's say that you may be working in HR,
you may be working in finance and you
also specifically want to learn how to
get into AI, right? So I will also be
talking about them. So in this actual
route here you can see this is my first
path traditional route, second part is
modern route and the third part is
advanced route. So let me go ahead and
fill like if someone was coming to me
around 2 years back and they were asking
Kish what should be the road map to
learn data science I would basically say
okay go ahead and first learn data
science first. Okay so here I will go
ahead and write here you have to learn
data science first. Now what you really
need to learn in data science. Okay here
you need to master some amazing things
like what do you need to master? you
need to master
DS that is data science, ML,
CV,
NLP. Okay. So here you need to master
data science, machine learning, computer
vision, NLP, right? And in all the
specific topics you should be able to
understand that stats and linear algebra
is included a part of it. So in short,
you're mastering all these technologies
like data science, machine learning, CV
and LP. And whenever I'm talking about
mastering, I'm talking with respect to
development of a end to-end project.
Okay. So first of all, you need to learn
data science first. If you are asking me
2 years back and today also if any
fresher who is in the college who wants
to really sc start from scratch must
definitely follow this road map itself.
Okay. Then after mastering this the next
stage is you go ahead and master Genai.
So here we are going to go ahead and add
Gen AI. Now when I say add Genai that
basically means you go ahead and explore
different different frameworks. Think
about like how different different LLM
models work. How does LLM training
happen? You know how to go ahead and
develop a generative AI applications.
How to work with multimodel
applications. Each and everything comes
in generative AI. So all this detailed
uh road map I will discuss okay as we go
ahead. But right now let's cover this
specific diagram this flowchart. Then
after you've complete generative AI then
we go to the next step wherein you can
start learning agentic AI right agentic
AI and MCP
right now here when we are talking about
agentic AI and MCP I'm actually talking
about developing agentic AI applications
agents you can go ahead and develop rag
applications each and everything right
so this should be the road map if
someone was asking me 2 years back and
if you are a fresher and experienced
professionals also let's say that an
experienced professional wants to start
from uh like let's say this person is 0
to 3 years of experience or 0 to 5 years
of experience I would basically suggest
this traditional route 2 years back okay
but now the scenario has changed but
even a fresher if if you're calling from
college if you're coming from college if
you're still in college you have just
passed out you want to go get into AI
still I would suggest follow this
traditional route. This is the best
traditional route wherein you're
mastering everything like data science,
machine learning, CV and LP. This will
definitely be your base and on top of
that you are adding generative AI and
agentic AI skills. Okay. Now when I'm
also talking about generative AI and
agent AI skills, I'm also talking about
developing end to-end projects, doing
the deployment in cloud using some
amazing LLM ops tools, each and
everything. Okay. Now coming to the
second part which is the modern route
right nowadays if many of the people ask
me kish
which path should I probably go ahead
and take in order to learn AI nowadays I
usually prefer them modern route. Now
what is modern route? Here I will say
them hey go ahead and learn
generative AI first.
Okay. So here you go ahead and learn
about generative AI first. In this
generative AI you specifically
understand about LLMs because at the end
of the day it's all about content
generation right specifically if you're
working with NLP and all right and when
I say generative AI first here obviously
some of the knowledge of NLP is
definitely required okay NLP machine
learning it is required okay deep
learning some of the uh topics with
respect to that is required okay now
after you you start with generative AI
first of all you master generative AI
Master
generative AI.
Okay. So this is the first step. So once
you're starting generative a master it
try to understand how to build
generative AI application rag
applications how to use different
different frameworks like lang chain
lang graph crew AI all the things and
also do the deployment. Okay. On top of
this once you complete this go ahead and
start adding on top of it agentic AI
also agentic AI and MCP let's say okay
so on top of this you will go ahead and
add aentic AI and then finally once you
are covered this right and till you
master this right you will definitely be
able to get any kind of jobs in the
market because if you know the entire
life cycle if you have developed some
amazing end to- end projects and here if
you have also included LLM ops then
you're good to go and work in any kind
of industries. Now once you have
completed this you're already working it
now on top of that you can start
learning your DS fundamentals.
Okay start learning your DS
fundamentals.
So this is the road map I usually tell
to the people who right now ask me and
who are specifically these two type of
peoples right freshers and experience
and even nontechnical people I've seen
many many nontechnical people also
following this specific road map because
they're saying that hey krish I really
want to get into AI I also want to start
coding right so all these things will
basically be following this modern route
so it is up to you whether you're in
experience whether you are 0 to 5 years
of experience I would still say hey go
ahead and follow this particular pattern
right because understand to learn DSML
CV NLP it will definitely take time if I
say about this it will actually take
around 4 months if I talk about geni it
will take around 2 months only if you
are devoting around 2 hours daily right
2 hours daily so you will definitely be
able to cover this right here also for
agentic you may again take 2 months now
rag and all will come either in genative
aentic okay Now I hope you are able to
understand in the modern route because
we cannot you know right now companies
are looking for professionals who can
work in generative building generative
AI application and genetic AI
application. So in this specific route
I'm saying start learning generative AI
first you need to have some basic
knowledge about NLP right and then
you're good to go and start with
mastering generative AI. So once you are
able to develop because here you're
working with LLM models you're focusing
on different different frameworks
wherein you're focusing on understanding
how to build those kind of applications.
Yes, the basic knowledge of NLP, machine
learning, deep learning can be asked in
interviews. But nowadays still in this
modern route, right? If you go for the
interviews, they're focusing on building
generative and agentic application, how
to make rag, how to perform fine-tuning
each and everything, right? So they're
focusing more of this specific
questions. Okay. Now coming to the third
route. Okay. Which is the advanced route
who are really really efficient people.
You know they can start all three
parallel. All three parallel
all three parallel. Now these are those
people who are already in the technical
domain and they can quickly learn things
they can start this three right but
again the focus must be given in this
modern route more right whenever you go
ahead get time go ahead and learn the
basics of DS machine learning CV and LP
and continue this specific thing right
and this is nothing but this is
basically a comprehensive AI expert so
here you actually become a AI expert
right so this is what it is basically
happening see for leadership ship and
nontechnical people what I say usually
you can follow this three parallel uh
I'll not say for tech nontechnical
nontechnical can actually follow this if
you really want to get into the coding
industry right coding industry then
definitely follow this pattern that is
traditional route then go to modern
route then go to advanced route now you
you make the decision you know what is
basically required see wherever you
learn something let's say if you are
going to this modern route some amount
of knowledge is will be required from
the traditional route also some basic
knowledge like NLP, machine learning,
deep learning, you know, that will
actually set up your base. But it is not
like you will be stopping over here. If
you start with this modern route, you'll
get blocked somewhere. No, here focus
more on building applications. Now I
hope you are able to understand from
this particular road map how you should
basically go ahead and do this. If I
will say if you are a leader, if you are
a very experienced person just go ahead
and follow this modern route or either
you can also follow this advanced route
where you can start things parallelly
right but for freshers for the person
who have just started want to get into
the AI industry I would still suggest
follow this traditional route it will
take time but understand as you keep on
learning things you'll understand the
base of each and everything I have spent
around 6 to 7 years making videos and
I've covered almost everything in my
YouTube channel. Just imagine 2K plus
videos, right? 2Ks plus video. How many
people have actually got benefited out
of it? Okay, now this is fine, right?
So, as I said, this is my main three
stage. This is my first stage, second
stage and third stage. Now for every
stage I have created a specific road map
along with free videos and materials
which I will show you as we go ahead.
Okay. Now let me go ahead and open my
road map. So here you can clearly see
that this is how my road map looks like.
Okay. So very clear detailed road map.
Over here you'll be able to see this.
This is the AI mastery road map. The
three core paths to excellence. Okay.
And here you can see minimum Python
3.11. You can also use 3.9 3. So here
you have three sections. One is the data
science and classical AI. Second is
generative AI. Third is agentic AI. If
you see path wise data science, NLP,
computer vision four months I'm taking.
If you spend two to three hours here,
you'll be able to definitely become data
scientist, ML engineer, data analyst.
Part two is generative LMS. two months
generative AI engineer, AI product
developer, agent AI and autonomous
system, two months a architect, agent
developer and main thing. This is the
same route that I have actually
explained you right now. Okay. Now with
respect to this, this is my section one.
I have created a perfect road map to
learn everything with the free video
materials and everything itself. Right?
So here you'll be able to see this
comprehensive road map covers Python
programming language stats, machine
learning, this all you have to do is
that just go ahead and click this. Okay?
And if you remember this I have already
created but I have updated a lot. So
here you can see work of a data
scientist data analyst. So first of all
you need to start with Python
programming language. All the Python
programming languages basically over
here. Then you go ahead with statistics.
If you start taking the traditional
route in statistics, I have created very
detailed videos u in ML 43 videos are
just there in statistics very detailed
in my YouTube channel at any point of
time and today also the highest number
of views that I get from is from this
specific videos then you have EDA then
you have feature engineering then you
have uh databases you can go ahead and
learn about databases like MongoDB my
SQL and all now see I'm breaking that
everything right on the high,000 ft
overview I have told about you have to
learn this but in order to master all
those things you require all this
important techniques right then you have
this machine learning then deep learning
then NLP playlist then important
framework of production deployment MLOps
is the must over here in order to
complete data science you if you really
want to master you definitely need to
know about machine learning operations
that is design model deployment and
operation so here you have all the free
links along with the YouTube video so
here if you just go ahead and click it
You should be able to see videos. Yes,
some amount of ads will be visible but
it's okay. Okay. Uh it is a YouTube
video so dedicated three three hour four
hours videos are available over here
completely in depth. Okay. Then you have
circle CI then you have deployment of
things evidently AI graphana airflow
bento ML AWS sagemaker DVC dockers
everything is basically there how to
develop an end to-end projects with
MLOps and deployment with open source
tools. Here also we have created both in
Hindi and both in English. Right? If you
want to follow that also you can do
machine learning, deep learning and LP
projects. I have actually listed down
around 10 to 15 different kind of
projects which you can just go ahead and
explore it. Always remember one very
important thing is that you need to
start using chat GPT cloud or Google
Germany Grock efficiently. U the reason
is that you don't need to create problem
statement for you. You can use this
platforms to develop modules quickly get
the code become much more efficient
become increase the AI productivity
because once you're specifically coding
you don't need to keep on searching for
multiple resources just be at one point
think of a specific use case ask it how
to probably do it get the description
and start building it always take help
of AI don't do the development
completely from scratch that would be my
suggestion okay then here I've actually
mentioned each and everything with
respect to this okay now this is the
first path to master data science in
2025. Then we go ahead with generative
AI. Okay. Now in generative AI, I've
created another road map which is my
second section and this is for the
modern route. Okay. So here you'll be
learning about large language model,
prompt, diffusion model, fine-tuning
techniques, multi model, AI system
production deployment. If you go ahead
and click this here you should be able
to see the entire road map. Okay. So
here to get into generative way how you
should start what should be the basic
things that you should know you need to
know Python programming language you
need to know basic machine learning and
NLP. So here I've developed some amazing
five live sessions. These are like big
big sessions which you can actually just
go ahead and cover it and automatically
you should be able to quickly cover all
the specific topics. Then basic learning
deep learning concepts from day one to
day five. Here also I've created amazing
videos on this. These all are on my live
sessions which you can quickly learn and
to get the basic knowledge right.
If you want to learn AI, you know, I can
also take four years and teach you same
concepts, right? But how much is
actually required to get into industry
all those specific videos is it's more
than sufficient. If you tell me to
create teach uh neural networks, I can
take 2 days session also and still that
topic will not get completed. And
sometimes I may only like if you if I
just tell you that I can also teach you
in a way in just 2 hours so that you
understand each and everything that is
required in order to build a specific
product. So that is the thing that you
really need to understand. Do you really
want to do a PhD or do you really want
to learn concepts and start building
products that is the most important
thing okay now
here is the next thing is that you have
advanced NLP concepts day six to last
video. Okay. So here you'll be able to
see that here also detailed live
sessions is there already. You can just
go ahead and check it out. Okay. Then
starting the journey towards generative
AI, GPT4, mistral, llama, hugging face
all these things. So you have the
generative AI tutorials. I have also
included with cloud like AWS, Azure,
generative AI with Google Germany
playlist and fine-tuning. So I have
included what are the four main
important things that we specifically do
in generative AI. We develop generative
AI applications. We develop uh we work
with generative AI projects in AWS Azure
uh for Google ge also I've actually
created a separate playlist then here
also you have all the finetuning. So
with respect to finetuning also you can
clearly go ahead and just go ahead and
see the YouTube videos where I have
actually made each and everything
available for you. Okay then you have
this vector databases which is also
included over here. So in generative AI
you should also know about vector store
and vector databases and deployment of
projects you can do it in AWS Azure use
langu and hugging spaces. Okay. So these
all things have been completed and I
hope you should be able to explore
things with the free content to learn
the modern route wherein you are trying
to learn about generative AI. Now once
you complete generative AI the third
thing is about section three which is
nothing but agentic AI. Never stop at
generative AI because now people are
focusing on developing agentic
application agents right. So for this
there is a separate road map. So in this
road map you'll be able to see again how
to start with the agentic AI. First of
all again you need to know Python
programming language some basic
knowledge of machine learning natural
language processing deep learning for
NLP. Then you go over here with end to
end project. See I've created generative
AI tutorials with project agentic AI
tutorials agentic AI playlist with
different frameworks multimodel rags
each and everything is basically covered
over here. And then finally you also go
ahead and check out this model context
protocol. I have also created a detailed
playlist on MCP which will actually help
you to understand each and everything.
Just imagine guys so much of free
content. Uh the best part is that I've
contributed so much right that I'm
really happy about it. You know people
can just go ahead and start exploring
things and can get into any industries.
If you are just following this then here
you can understand best aenti frameworks
to learn like lang chain lang graph agno
crewi autogen. So for all these things
and there is also a live session which
we are running in krishnak academy you
can go ahead and explore this if you
have any question call our counseling
team right. So these are the three main
section right. So here we have covered
section one. This is my section one,
section two and section 3. All
separately I have created playlist from
MLOps to LLM ops to data science,
machine learning, CV, NLP. Each and
everything is basically there. Okay, you
can just go ahead and explore it. Once
you complete this then here is the
additional learning resources.
See um I'll tell you what is the
differences between the free content
with respect to the content that is
available in the Udemy and live courses
also. Okay, as you all know I also sell
courses in Udemy in the very affordable
cost at 38 3.99. So if you think right
you require more help more structured
learning then you can just go ahead and
follow my Udemy courses. So here I have
created another GitHub over here to
follow the road map of my Udemy courses.
So again based on that track this is
much more divided courses like if you
want to go ahead and learn mathematics
for data science Python with DSA data
analyst track data science track
generative and engine tracks MLOps and
deployment track big data engineering
track Figma course track anything that
you want you can go ahead and do this
and here I in a month I give three
coupons on every 5th 15th and 25th. So
based on the timeline you can go ahead
and use that particular coupon to get
the courses in 3.99. Okay. Now final
thing is that these are my additional
courses. Let's say you want more
handling more support then just go ahead
and join our live courses and
mentorship. Right. So here you can go
into this particular website
krishnak.in/live
classes. These are all my live classes
that is currently going on. Okay. You
can join for them. And this is my
upcoming AI for leaders and
professional. This is specifically for
nontechnical people. Okay. And the
reason of making this particular course
is very simple because I want to cover
everyone right whether you are coming
from a coding background, non-coding
background, anyone. I'm trying to cover
each and every people out there with
respect to the learning right. So you
can go ahead and explore even this
specific course. So this was the entire
road map that we are following. How to
use your road map? Choose your own path.
Start with the section that aligns with
your goal. Follow this repository. Each
LinkedIn Each linked repository contains
detailed week-by-eek plans. Complete
projects are included in each road map.
Track progress. Use the provided
checklist to monitor your learning
journey. Learning recommendations. Start
with section one for strong foundation.
Can jump to section two and then you can
also explore section three that is agent
AI. Now I hope you like this particular
video. My main aim is to cater everyone
wherein cost should never be a factor.
So I've provided free content. I have
even provided paid content. It's all
your support. Based on your support
only, I'll be able to do more things.
But trust me, from the past six to seven
years, we we and our entire team has
done a really amazing work in making
amazing career transition in the field
of data science. Wherever we go in any
company, they know about they know about
me, they know about my team. That is the
best thing
feeling that uh I I basically give on my
work that I do right and that is the
best motivation factor for me. So I hope
you like this particular video. This was
it for my side. I'll see you in the next
video. All the information will be given
in the description of this particular
video. I'll see you in the next video.
Bye-bye. Take care.