========================================================================
  TRANSCRIPT
========================================================================
  Video ID   : KhOXmXu2Z-A
  URL        : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhOXmXu2Z-A
  Extracted  : 2026-03-18 16:30:17 UTC
  Words      : 19,409
  Lines      : 2,772
========================================================================

Uh hello guys. I hope everybody's able
to hear me out. Sorry of my hair is a
little bit messed. I'll come back.
Yeah, perfect.
Okay. So, perfect. Can you hear me
quickly? Can I get a quick yes if you
can?
Yeah. Just give me a confirmation.
Okay. So, today we have the induction
session. Anyhow, yes, we can hear. We
can hear.
Okay. Perfect. So, welcome to the batch
everyone.
uh I know you have lot of questions
specifically to the batch so we will
talk all about that you know uh how we
are going to cover the syllabus each and
everything but I hope I am loud and
clear everybody got the email I guess
with respect to class joining the class
for those people who have joined after
6:00 I think they will not get the email
uh but from next class you'll be able to
get it okay so other than this I hope
everybody body is able to hear me out
right
don't worry if you have not received the
mail we'll talk about the batch each and
everything so we also have M with us so
M uh am I audible I think you're mute
>> yes sir you're audible hi
>> okay perfect so guys I hope everybody's
also able to hear m voice I guess yeah
perfect
okay perfect so uh again welcome to this
amazing batch of generative AI for
everyone where we are specifically
focusing on professionals, leaders and
everyone who have not even who don't
know anything about AI you know so uh
initially what will be the agenda for
this particular induction session we
will be talking about the dashboard
where you'll be getting the zoom links
uh where you'll be able to see the
recording videos each and everything we
will um probably talk about you know and
along with that how the sessions will be
going on um who all will be the part of
the sessions everything uh we will
discuss uh as we go ahead. Okay. And uh
one very important thing that I really
want to talk about is that please do not
miss this session. This session is
really really important for you all to
understand what all things we are
actually doing over here. Okay.
>> Uh perfect. I think Mike without wasting
any time we can go and show the
dashboard uh
>> and uh how each and everything about the
dashboard where they can see the meeting
link each and everything.
>> Sure. Sure.
>> And then uh after after M shows you all
these things uh I will go behind to talk
about the moto of this batch. What is
the main aim of this particular batch?
Who what all things you will be learning
over here? How you'll be learning? Uh do
you need to have coding knowledge? Each
and everything we'll be discussing.
Yeah. So please go ahead and uh
>> so uh just a second everyone uh I'm
going to be sharing my screen in a bit.
Meanwhile, can you just confirm if
you're able to hear me?
Totally fine.
Right.
So nice. Voice low. Is my voice low or
is it uh fine? So I think my voice
should be fine, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah, it is fine. Yes. Cooling.
So, okay, let me share my screen and
start with the batch
just minute.
Great. So, I'm sharing my screen.
Everyone let me know if you're able to
see it once.
I hope it should be visible.
Yeah, now it should be fine.
Great. So, yeah, this is the batch
everyone process getting the name
properly. Now, what we have to first go
through as Chris said, let's first go
through the dashboard, right? And then
we will move on that what is the overall
agenda of this batch, the timings, I
think that is so totally clear what will
be the timeline overall, okay? how we
will be covering all the things and
every part. So let's now move forward.
Now when you uh just like buy a course
with us like this you are going to
enroll in this badge lots of benefit of
course you get so the very very
important thing is where you will be
studying where you will be connecting
with your peers right so that is very
very important it's not some isolated
batch or isolated uh platform where you
come you take the classes and you go
home no so we of course also don't uh
nurture this kind of a thing so let's
say let me just get a quick user right
so let's say this is you as a
Now you will be getting multiple things
like you will be getting the recordings
of the sessions like so we will be
taking the class live and you will be
getting the recordings. Now the benefit
is that for each and every like before
each and every class you will also be
getting a email right if in case you
didn't get for this particular class
just give it a like by the next week
because normally it just tries to sync
it up maybe you enroll after we have
sent the email we have dispatched the
email but majorly all of you will be
getting the email as well. Okay. So you
will be getting the recordings. You will
be getting a way to connect to your
peers, right? Peers, proper dashboard,
a good overall LMS that is your learning
management system like on which we will
be doing everything right. So now let's
move forward without wasting any time.
This is going to when you go to
learn.kishnackacademy.com
this is what you're going to see. Now
please uh just avoid this dashboard. You
will not be seeing this right. This is
something which we as admin see. So you
should be all able to see these four
things I guess right. Can anyone confirm
me if these four things are the one
which are visible. So feed workshop
courses and messages right. So I will
just make it very very clear.
you will not see the dashboard
icon. Right? So I think this should be a
lot clear everyone. Just the four should
be visible. Right? So made it very very
clear. This not visible to you. The one
in green right majorly the one which are
there in green these should be the one
which are visible to you. Four should be
visible. Right? Is anyone there who is
by mistake seeing the first one? Please
let us know of that as well.
>> Sure.
Yeah. So yeah, you should not see if
you're seeing the dashboard that's a
problem, right? Anyone has any doubt in
this? Can I get a quick thumbs up if
everything is fine with that? So the one
which are there in green okay just the
green one dashboard not visible. Just we
get some admin thing that we can
schedule the classes everything. The
part is that you also don't need the
dashboard. Okay. like there is nothing
which you are missing out on the
dashboard part. That's the whole thing.
Now uh what happened next? Let's see the
same one by one. Uh let's talk about
feed first. Feed again is an awesome way
on which you can just share all your
learning. So these are the ones which
are pinned. But normally what happens
people post about their uh learning etc
here. So let's say I took a class on
Google ADK person has posted about the
same right just to give you an idea we
have hired a couple of people from this
post as well. Right. So highly highly
suggested to post your learning. Just
last week only I connected with a person
and I have hired him because I was
seeing that how he's posting about
different different things, different
different learnings, right? So it is not
that it will go unnoticed. People do see
that maybe not the first post not the
fifth maybe the seventh eighth post will
surely get you noticed. Plus the
interested person will reach out to you.
It can be us. It can be any other person
as well. Right? So share your learnings
beyond of what even is taught. This is
not just for uh sorry this is just for
learning right? So don't post any uh
motivation things or something there
that will get you blogged just on the
basis of learning and everything. So
this is not LinkedIn we are trying to
make sure that the like-minded people
and the community like that is able to
all access and just make sure of that.
Okay. So I hope the feed part is clear.
Anyone has any doubt in this
feed part should be clear?
I cannot see any feed on my portal. Say
oops no post. Yes. So we will uh check
that up. We will fix that. Like normally
again the problem is that it takes a
little bit of time. So when the batch
starts right we will be taking the first
class and it will get initialized. So
you will get that fixed right? So don't
worry if you are getting the option to
not post if you are not getting the
option of anything right? So all of that
will basically be handled and will be
fixed right you will be able to see just
like I'm able to see it here and you
will be getting a post option as well
like you will be getting what you want
to post so I can just post now again I'm
just showing my seen because I logged in
my other ids but yes that will be the
case okay everyone is this thing clear
can I get a thumbs up yes smiley face
something on that
yes uh this way you'll fix that you will
see the feeds as well this feed
uh category should be there. This will
be get fixed in no worries like normally
takes a day or two like after batch
starts it takes a day or two. Okay.
>> Uh my just to tell that feed will be
specific to a batch. Okay. So when I
enable the posting from the next class
so they will be able to do the posting.
>> Yeah. Extremely sorry everyone. So
because we have all the batches as
mentors. So one thing you will notice
here that we have a batch name here
right. So since your patch is just
starting right, you will be able to see
what all your batchmates are posting
right. So again we will post a just uh
we will post something here so that you
will see that yeah like like the
starting post okay welcome everyone or
something but the idea is I will mention
here that feeds are
batch specific batch specific okay so
and I think that makes a lot of sense
like if you are in this batch why would
you like to see what is being taught or
from all the people in other batch we
have different ways of interacting with
there but yes it is going to be batch
specific Okay,
I hope this thing is clear everyone.
I hope this is fine.
Great. So yeah, again very very benefit
like as I did last just last week I had
a person from here. All your learnings
please make sure that you post it
regularly. You will see many people who
are regular there and the same gets
noticed. Right now let's move on to the
next overall part everyone which is
workshops.
Now in here you will see the upcoming
sessions and the completed session. So
again I'm just having lots of them
because again I'm having other batches
as well but you should see let's say
orient orientation session which is
going live right. So I will just quickly
tell you like how exactly we go about
this uh part. So let's say you as a user
every weekend right from 8 to 10
from 8 to 10 we will be having this
class 8 to 10 p.m. Now we will be having
the live class on Zoom right. So I think
everyone is having the same on Zoom as
well right now. So we will be having
this live class on Zoom everyone. You
will be able to see all the details
related to joining what is the meeting
ID everything like direct join link on
this workshop session. So if I just
click on let's say join as host you will
be getting the join link here. Right now
the same of course cannot be shared.
Please don't do that. It's help us to
understand that. Okay, we all are
joining from a particular thing. It gets
flagged pretty nicely. So unnecessly
don't share it. You will be only able to
join from your main ID. Okay. So now
once you join this thing right sorry
once a class is scheduled every Saturday
and Sunday you should be able to see
Saturday and Sunday you should be able
to see this particular class here just
like you are seeing it right now. Okay.
So you will just see this orientation
session. I hope everyone is able to see
this. Can I get a quick confirmation on
this?
Right.
Pretty good. Makes sense. Nice. Able to
see. I think just one you will be able
to see. Right.
Now the idea is that again uh your
classes will get scheduled by Tuesday or
Wednesday. So you will be able to see
that okay what is there uh if there is
extra class if there is some extra time
all those things we will handle and we
will be by with within time we will be
communicating you so majorly by Tuesday
or Wednesday this will get fixed okay
cool everyone let's move forward now
when we take the classes right then what
happens uh pretty much the main thing is
that okay we will be taking the classes
live and let me just quickly go on to
how the classes will happen Right? So
that it is a lot easier for all of you
to understand the whole philosophy and
the idea. See we will be taking the
classes where uh the mentors will be
joining and initially like all of us and
all of you will join and we will be
teaching you right for the dedicated
time. So let's say in this particular
class we will be teaching you from 8 to
10 right again there will be doubts like
the way I'm seeing the chat right now.
Okay you will all not be able to speak
or show yourself. Okay. Why? Why cannot
we show ourel or why cannot we speak in
between? Well, because if you do that it
will be a debate or it will be a
discussion not a oneway teaching. That
way you will not be having a lots of
things to take over. We want that the
sessions are the most helpful and they
are properly in-depth. Okay. So for that
uninterrupted teaching will be there.
The session will be where let's say as a
mentor okay I will be coming in and I
will make sure that okay or let's say
Chris sir or me we will come and we will
be teaching you so you as a users you
will be able to see the class and let me
get this person as a mentor so the happy
person right let's say your mentor he
will be taking the class you will be
able to ask your doubts in the chat you
will be able to make sure that okay
everything is kind of answered you have
understood the concept right All those
things will happen after the class. So
let's say in this particular batch from
8 to 10 8 to 10 p.m. there will be
dedicated teaching right with the doubts
and strips are answered in between. So I
can tell you like how normally we do it.
Let's say I will be teaching you
something then I will be asking you that
if something is clear if the same is not
clear we will go back and revisit the
concept. I will explain that to you
again. So this is how we are going to go
about the whole idea. Okay. So we will
go back see that okay let's say if I
taught you a concept we will ask you
that hey if this is clear or not then
after 10 p.m. right that is where we
open for dedicated dow session so after
10 so after 10 p.m. We will be having a
dedicated doubt session. Dedicated doubt
session.
Now in this all of you can raise your
hand. The zoom has a feature. You can
then ask your doubt. We will be unmuting
you now. Right. So you can say that
Mayang when you explained me this I was
not able to understand. Krish sir can
you please tell me that okay what was
the major aim for this thing? Can you
share the code? Can you share all the
resources? Though we will be sharing
them. I will come to that. So this is
going to be the flow of the class.
Initially when we are teaching you will
not be able to speak and that is totally
going to be very helpful for all of us.
Once after this 10p p.m. people who have
the doubts they can uh just stay back
they can ask their doubts. We will not
be teaching anything new. So if person
has understood everything he can leave
as well right. Uh one thing to note here
uh we are very very active on the doubt
part like there has been time where we
mentor us like let's say sit till 1212
even to answer all of your doubts. So it
is not that we will run in half an hour
to clear your doubt just uh today's
batch as well I was solving the doubts
till 12 uh like noon okay when the batch
completed at 11 so 1 2 hours we are
easily able to make sure that we spend
on doubt as well for the dedicated doubt
session okay
now once all of this happen then we come
to the recording part okay so normally
we will say that give us
at max at max 24 hours. So just an
example, let's say your class gets over
today at 11 p.m.
So by tomorrow 11 p.m. So that is today
is 14th, by 15th 11th p.m. I will uh
expect that it's going to like we will
be uploading after 3 4 hours only but by
next day right. So it will be like by
next day 11 p.m. we will be uploading
the recordings. Okay, by next day 11
p.m. we will be uploading the
recordings. Now it might get delayed
sometime. It is normally where Zoom is
kind of uh making sure that it is doing
all the things for you. But if you don't
get the recording by next day 11 p.m.
you can reach out to us. You can drop us
a mail. I will be showing you the
communication medium as well. But the
idea is that classes will be there. You
will be getting the recordings. Okay. So
recordings will be provided. That's the
whole idea. Okay everyone, I hope the
same thing is clear. Anyone has any
doubt till now in what all I have
explained in this part majorly this
particular part.
If everything is good, give me a thumbs
up. Give me a smiley face if everything
is good. In this
it is at max 24 hours. So normally it is
uploaded by five six hours only. So we
take the session for 3 hours then zoom
kind of takes the equivalent time to uh
like process the recording. Okay. So
let's say if it's a 3-hour class zoom
also take 3 hour to process the
recording. Sometime it can get delay. So
that is the reason we say that okay uh
we will be taking at least say 24 hours
like at max not at least at max 24
hours. If it does, if it is not
available by 24 hours, then there will
be some issues. Okay, I hope this thing
is clear everyone. Any doubt the
recording part I will come to but I hope
this overall approach which I have
taught which I've told till now the
timing etc that is all fine. Okay cool.
So now let's move forward and discuss
few more thing that okay let's where I
will get the recording and everything.
So for that let's do one thing. Let's
now go back go to the next section and
that is where I explained you these
things. Right now this is where you can
go onto your courses. Okay everyone? So
we have seen the we have seen the feed.
We have seen the workshops. Now let's go
on to courses.
Now this is where okay this is where you
will be able to see the course which you
are enrolled in. Right? I am again
seeing all of the courses because we
have to handle them. But you will be
able to see all the courses. Okay. In
your course, let's say if I just take an
example of another course which I'm
taking in your course, you should be
able to see the course like this. Right?
And the recordings will be provided. So
just as example, let's say I took this
class today only. It is available. So I
took this class by 12. Now just to show
you like how it happens, right? So I've
started the class. I am teaching
initially, right? Initially I'm teaching
for at least 3 hours. Everything is
being taught. This is a break. We
normally give a break as well in
between.
So you can see that how we are teaching
everything in depth properly. And then
in the end there will be some doubt
sessions. Okay. So here I'm just one by
one I am making people unmute and then
we are solving the doubt. Okay. So this
is how it happens. The recording will be
of complete session. Not just what we
taught. Recordings will be of complete
session. So let's say if we taught for 2
hours and we took 2 hours doubt session
you will be able to get the full
recording. Okay everyone.
So you will be able to see the recording
like this. In this UI you will be seeing
the description. Normally we don't add
the description it is not needed. You
can see the resources.
So if you want to share some code file,
if you want to share something and you
can see Q&A as well, right? So I can
just ask a question and I can say that
hey this was all good thanks I can
upload the attachment and I can submit.
So in this manner you will see that how
the question is coming here and we can
make sure that things are clear is the
this thing clear everyone where exactly
we will be seeing the recording. It is
going to be on the courses section. So
on the courses section is where you will
be seeing the recording and recording
will be complete.
Okay.
Uh JMY we will clear that uh once
today's class get uploaded you will see
the AI for this one the geni for
everyone leaders and everything. So we
will make sure that distinction is there
so that AI for everyone that is not
concluding. Okay recording include Q&A.
So
teaching plus Q&A shall be
or will be there right I can make it in
green so that you understand this okay
everyone I hope now it's clear
great cool now let's move on to the next
part that till when is the recordings
valid so the recordings will be valid
till for this batch 1 and 1/2 years 1
and 1/2 years okay lots of time I think
till then in at least in the field of AI
things will change they are not lifetime
okay so let's say today plus 1.5 years
16 March 2027
the recording shall be available no Q&A
will also be in the same recording
everyone okay Q&A will also be in the
same recording normally we were trying
to break it earlier but sometimes things
get missed and you know that okay this
will be the case will every session be
live on YouTube no it's just for today's
session so that everyone is able to see
normally you don't see us going live for
all the live patches of course right can
we download the recording no you cannot
can you record the recording by any
software no you cannot so recordings are
DRM protected okay and at least yeah
please don't try to do that I think in
any case it will be giving us a
notification we do get get that a lot
then we have to send a warning email
right so what happen is that if you will
try to record this A the screen will go
black. B we will get a notification that
hey someone is trying to record this is
the ID etc. Right? So unnecessary we
don't want to have that talk that hey
why are you doing this? Can you play the
recording at a faster speed? Yes you
can. So by default it has a speed till
2x. I have a good overall extension
which I will share at the end. So
normally I can watch something at 2.53x
as well. Okay,
I hope this thing is clear everyone. So
I will make it one thing more clear in
red.
You cannot download or record the
recordings or record the class.
you will be blocked plus like or rather
we get notified plus you will be blocked
without fail. Okay. So earlier again we
had an instance where we have to
unnecessely take that step right the
person was enrolled in two of the
batches we have to unnecessarily make
his uh excess go away. So what he was
doing is he was trying to record that
and then give the same around totally I
think not should not be ethically also
wrong. We are anyway keeping our courses
a lot nicely priced as you can compare
from other as well. So yeah. Okay.
Can you please remove the gaps in the
recording? Som you can uh like it's not
a complete as like this just like let's
say if I'm asking the if I'm solving
doubts here just go like this right? So
just like a YouTube video if I remove
the doubts something important can get
over. Okay.
I hope that is clear.
Good everyone. Anyone has any doubt now
till these three things I will quickly
repeat. Let's go back.
Feed you will not be able to see the
dashboard feed. You will be seeing that
okay what all your batch people are
posting. Workshops you will see that
okay what are all the different
different classes which you have
scheduled courses is where all your
different different courses will be
there right so you let's say all this
let's say is the batch which we are
taking correctly like currently then you
will be having your things here so that
is the idea I hope the thing is clear
anyone has any doubt till now do you
provide lab access for practice no we
don't provide that can we ask the doubt
of previous session as well Yes, you can
normally ask it like not the full thing
but yeah we should be good to ask answer
the doubts here that should not be a
problem.
Can you please time stamp in the
recording so that I can go through a
particular point. Uh Som normally adding
time stamp is not supported in the
platform but uh what you will do is you
will understand because as I said we
will be teaching then there will be
doubts so you will be able to easily
take care that so lecture Hindi they
will be in English. Okay,
clear everyone. Any software
installation would be required during
session? Yes. Yes. Everything will be
shared with you. Anything which happens
that will be there.
Can you guide us in career progress
based on current level designation? Yes,
I will be doing that. Don't worry.
What about anything not related to class
but related to topic that can be asked
towards the end? So after I complete
teaching that is where we will. Chris
sir will also take session. Yes, sir
will take session. Sir, your DSA is
removed from dashboard. Uh not sure what
DSA tell me like DSA is a different
thing. Okay. For this course, is there
any specific laptop configuration
needed? No, not at all. Sir, where
should we see the video? Let's say if
this is your course, you will be seeing
it like this. After I take the session
then the recordings will be available.
Okay. So that is the idea.
Clear?
Okay. Anyone I will cover to sl
everything. Don't worry. Please first
tell me what I'm teaching that is clear
or not. Okay,
first I think dashboard is important as
sir said then we will be moving towards
the other part which you are asking
slabers tools
what
>> I think now everybody will be able to
see the feed also I have enabled the
setting now you you can just go down
>> yeah sure
>> so I have dropped a message just go down
after the pinned comments all comments
okay everyone I think you should be able
to see this message can you please
confirm once
>> post also
>> you can post as well you can Maybe drop
a heart here. You can just ask some
comment here. Now your feed should also
be valu possible, right?
Uh so as I said normally it takes some
time. Okay.
Can we taking screenshot from videos
also making note will that result in
violation? Uh Robert so by the design of
DRM if you try to take a screenshot as
well the screen shall go black. Okay.
Because again from a software
perspective the way DRM works it is not
able to distinguish that hey if you're
trying to record or if you're trying to
take a screenshot all these things those
screen recording software they kind of
have those things so yeah okay
anyway we will be sharing everything
which we use the diagrams the low code
everything okay
I hope that is clear can I get a quick
thumbs up if everything is clear
I can give view confetti as well. Things
should be clear.
Great. One more time. All good. Nice.
Uh you will be seeing the leaderboard
thing as well everyone. I think it's on
the right here right where you will be
seeing the leaderboard. So that is again
when you complete the classes you get
some points. When you post you get some
points all these things are there. So we
will share those whole things with you.
Okay. Clear?
Great. So can I mark these three done
everyone? Can I say that these three are
the one which are done? Can we have the
feed done, workshop done, courses done?
I think very properly we have everything
kind of nicely we have maintained here
right
good.
Uh so hey as I said uh taking screenshot
you can ask us we will give you all the
things right but from the recording it
will not be because I'm telling you know
the way DRM softwares are there that
will be the case we'll be able to
download the resources like PDF code
files yes everything will be there don't
worry okay clear I think it should be
clear right transcript will also be
uploaded uh yes we can make the
transcript available uh it is based on
the zoom algorithm like the way we I'm
talking so zoom is making the transcript
is this course only on Sundays or it's
going to be both Saturday and Sunday.
So, quickly let me get the full thing
for all of you. If I go from your
enrollment page, right? And if there is
someone who wants to still uh still
enroll or share it with someone, I think
my is valid. Yeah. So, you can just get
this coupon code and it will be valid.
So, use the coupon code and you can just
enroll. Now, what you will see here,
these are the timings, right? So see
mentors Mayank and Krish I think both of
us have joined start date September 14th
uh it is today timing 8 to 10 p.m. as
I've shown duration two to three months
uh by at max it will be for two and a
half months I think so two to two and a
half months everything is there Chris
will go walk you through this no worries
dashboard access still 1.5 years
community chat forum which I will come
to you live doubt clearing after session
which I've already talked about
hackathons with rewards so we will be
again having multiple hackathons uh
other is also had we had a hackathon in
the previous batches as well so we do
give them rewards of the next courses we
also hire the people out directly. So
those things are also there at your
disposal. No worries at all. Right? And
uh resumeum discussion and mock
interview. So normally we do that
towards the end. Okay.
Clear everyone.
Can I get a thumbs up now if these
things are clear?
If anyone is there who wants to still
join uh you can just send the link and
yeah coupon code may is valid.
just calculate what discount it is
giving if someone in your college in
your company wants to join and we will
be coming like what is the mindset the
idea behind this course. Uh so sir we'll
be walking you through that beginner
100% free code and everything. Okay,
great. Now with all of these things
clear everyone, let's now move on to the
next part where there is a chat forum.
Okay, so you will be seeing this message
as as well, right everyone? You will be
seeing this message as well. So what we
will do is we will make sure that we are
like there is a name issue I think which
is getting changed right. So here you
will be now again able to see your whole
batch the one which is your batch right?
you will be able to see your batch and
their overall things. So that this is
where you will be communicating. Now one
thing which we always ask don't try to
create any unnecessary WhatsApp,
telegram any of these groups they don't
work in here. Every mentor we come and
we share resources we share we ask your
answer your doubts. You can also just
make sure that you can talk to your
batchmates. Okay. Don't unnecessarily be
like that. Okay, I'm creating a WhatsApp
group. I have the elixir to just crack
any job. I will be making sure that okay
this just do this and you will be placed
in Google Amazon all these things right.
So the whole idea becomes everyone that
this is the place this thing is the
place chat room where you will be
talking about everything. Okay. So don't
uh unnecessary try to create any group
dedicated chat we have given all of you
so that you can take the full benefit of
that. Okay. Now here what I can do is hi
everyone. Now there is just some name uh
mismatch I think AI for everyone and I
think there will be one more. So we will
fix that by today. Don't worry on that.
>> No no I have I've just kept that name to
AI for everyone.
>> Okay. Okay. So everyone this is the
right one. AI for everyone. Uh I think
you can see the AI for this thing as
well. Right. So yeah I think you should
be able to see the message. This is all
the people who have enrolled in this
paid batch. So your uh batchmates
basically.
I hope this is clear everyone. Yes or
no?
I hope the same thing is clear. Okay,
great. So yeah, I think that was all the
four things everyone and uh pretty sure
I might have done a good job in
explaining these things. If you have any
doubts, let me know. I will just get the
course things here as well so that you
are able to understand that yeah this is
what we have gone through.
Okay, I hope the same is clear everyone.
Great. Uh again we will talk about other
batches. Don't worry. Right? So you can
connect with me on YouTube and LinkedIn
as well. We will talk about other
batches. Uh sorry other uh things which
you are asking.
So don't worry on that.
Okay.
Good.
How do I access the link you have shown?
Uh you can just click on the link. It
will be available. And what normally I
do like I will quickly tell you we will
be sharing the links on a uh like via
the file and what I normally do I will
quickly quickly show you right so that
you have an idea.
So I actually create in a software which
I have purchased I create a dedicated
page which you all will be able to
access. So in this you will see that how
all the classes and the links with the
ID and everything is kind of discussed.
So yeah that is I think more than enough
thing for all of you to understand. So
don't worry things will not be uh like
you will be getting everything right. So
don't worry on that.
Okay.
All the links all the resources even
this particular PDF I will be sharing
with you. It's not that we want to keep
it. Great. So again everyone just the
doubt related to this thing if anything
is there you can ask if no doubts
related to thing which I have covered
right then please hold on we will be
coming to the what we will be teaching
for whom this batches is the dashboard
while part clear the whole way of
understanding how you will be attending
how you will be going through that right
can I get a quick thumbs up so thumbs up
just like you give in uh your normal
chat copy it from anywhere from Google I
think the whole idea about dashboard the
whole life cycle of the course
everything should be clear right
pretty good
nice to hear
yeah I think sir that is all the things
right we have not missed out on anything
>> yeah yeah so I think you have covered
everything now I will just go back and
talk about who this batch is
specifically for and all okay so guys uh
let's give my a break I actually has
also taken the morning class so uh you
know weekends goes in live sessions and
all so usually it becomes difficult but
uh we'll just give him a break and uh I
will talk about the other details okay
so till now super excited everybody yeah
can I get a quick yes I hope everybody
is super excited right now comes the
main part I hope you have got the
dashboard access each and everything now
please everybody focus on the screen
that I'm writing. Okay. And just let me
know if you're able to see my screen or
not.
Yeah.
Yes, you can see it. Perfect.
So, first of all, welcome.
Okay. Welcome.
Now, I will just take some time to talk
about why did I come from this
particular batch, right?
uh now before that I'll ask you some
questions like uh now my basic questions
are that tell me how many of you have
coding knowledge first of all
so this is my first question how many of
you have coding knowledge
and how many of you
are from some other background let's say
you don't have any coding coding
knowledge you're architect you are
working as a project manager or like a
product owner or a business analyst. Uh
you are a marketing guy, you are a sales
guy, right? See for coding people, we
are definitely doing a lot of things
previously, right? We were very much
active uh in creating courses. We have
seen amazing transitions
uh in beautiful companies. Let me tell
you like some of the amazing companies
um and uh they have done really really
well and the best part is that we have
focused on the trends that is happening
in the industry. Okay, we have done this
entirely and people are really really
happy with that but they were also
people you know they were from different
different backgrounds specifically
professionals.
Now this professionals were not
comfortable with coding. Okay, they had
some basic idea of coding but let's say
they are not comfortable with coding.
So comfortability if I talk about
right it was very less. Okay let's
consider that it is less. Then the other
thing over here is that
they wanted to learn AI. Okay. AI stuff
because at the end of the day I cannot
say a 15 20 years guy who is working as
an architect to probably start from
scratch.
Agree everyone. Let's say if you are a
marketing guy, you're doing a marketing
in your company. Let's say digital
marketing different things or if you're
a sales guy, if you are an architect,
if you are a project manager
and even for anyone who has never heard
about AI but they are really much eager
to learn AI, right? How many people are
there similar kind of this kind of
people in our audience? just let me know
just uh just say it's me it's me yes you
wanted to learn AI you want to
understand how this is basically getting
applicable in industries
real world industry
right
real world industry
you know I'll talk about right now
speed is one very important thing right
speed specifically in companies when
you're working when you're talking about
projects how AI can be implemented in a
specific use case this is really really
important
okay
really really important because because
of the way how AI is evolving you know
every startups you'll be able to see
right they are building something new
every day they're building something new
every day okay let We talk about one
instance from past one month. Currently
me, my team including my we are working
on four different startup ideas.
Four different startup ideas, right?
One is almost completed.
I mean two is almost completed. Third
one we are still exploring.
And you will be able to see that this
true with respect to implementation we
have a very small team and we are able
to do it much more efficiently. I'm
asking my team do we need to hire anyone
right they're saying that not now when
we expand at that time we can hire but
right now what is a team size we are
able to definitely do anything why
because we have an idea
we have a plan
and we are implementing things
we are implementing things just a second
guys
we are implementing things with the help
of again we are using AI also as a part
and we are implementing that solution
and this implementation part you know we
will talk about it you know in detail
and why this specific batch actually is
for you okay now here when we have an
idea what is the most important thing
let's say you are an architect you are a
program manager you are a marketing guy
you you know about AI Hi, you have an
idea to talk about. Is it good or bad to
probably develop a small MVP product?
Tell me if I'm able to develop an MVP
product and then showcase to my seniors.
Is it this a good start or not? Tell me.
Yes or no?
Yeah.
Yes. Is it a good start or not? MVP
means what is MVP? Minimable v viable
product, right? Minimal viable product.
So when you're able to probably develop
this product and showcase your seniors,
if the seniors like will they invest in
this product then so what do you require
in order to probably start something of
your own? You know AI, you have an
ideation. Yesterday I got a very amazing
message in LinkedIn. Okay, that person
was basically a product owner, right?
Basically a product manager.
Now he has been handling a team. He has
been probably providing all the
requirements for implementing client
projects. Now he has a specific idea
related to agentic AI. Okay, he wants to
develop a coding agents not coding
agents. He wants to develop a agents
which will be able to automate a very
important task. Now he's asking mush how
do I get started into this? I don't have
any coding knowledge. I have some amount
of AI knowledge but bringing that to a
minimal minimum viable product is really
really important. Then I will be able to
showcase it to my seniors.
Right? Is this important or not? Tell
me. I hope this is the most important
thing right now which we are actually
looking at and now this is possible
because of AI right and specifically
when I talk about LLMs when I talk about
agentic AI applications when I talk
about rag right it is definitely
possible because here if you just give
the ideation
and what needs to be developed
This is possible. Okay. Why it is
possible? Because now AI is advancing.
You have LLM models which will be able
to do that. If you know the rack
concept, you can actually do that. And
here you even don't require coding
knowledge because now AI AI is
involving. Now you have something called
as no code tools also,
right? At least to develop this MVP and
showcase your team. Yes, it is possible.
At the end of the day, when we make this
product a bigger one, then the team
effort is actually required. But I
believe once you have an ideation, that
ideation should not stop. See guys, uh
now starting a startup, if you have an
amazing idea, I would suggest everybody
to start a startup, right? If you have
an idea and you feel that this idea
caters
a huge audience, it is scalable
then don't stop in creating an MVP. If
you tell me if I was in 2015 if I had a
startup idea I used to think
how many people I'll be requiring for
the development for the front end from
the back end for implementing the MVP
product so that I showcase someone who
will be interested for this particular
product and for making that big team was
a very you know I'll say that it was a
very huge task cuz you definitely need
to invest a lot of money for that no one
is just going to come on just your
vision right unless and until you are
very very famous agree everyone
yes I hope you're understanding now what
I'm actually talking about how things
are going yes for coding people for
people who are in developers yes you can
definitely learn AI stuffs you can do
lot of codings you can develop all these
kind of applications but this thing
comes after that idea is approved agree
after this ideas are approved here we
need to probably go ahead and build a
team and start implementing thing now
this is one of the major thing now the
second thing is that you may be a
experienced professional you may be a
leader tomorrow when you work in your
circle whenever people talk about AI
whenever you are just talking about
ideas you should be also able to
understand you should also be able to
talk about the pros and cons Not just
like hey I know about AI so I can talk
anything that I like. No a meaningful
ideation, a meaningful feedback, a
meaningful discussion that is the most
important thing and that is what we are
going to focus in this particular batch.
Also when in 2015 I had my product
managers we had program managers right
when a developer used to say hey for
completing this story I require 4 days
let's say let me talk about this okay so
there is one story okay in a specific
sprint and I want to complete and I'm as
a developer I have probably seen each
and everything and I'm saying that hey
it will probably take me 4 days to
complete right and this information goes
from lead lead to program manager right
program manager then the program manager
will do the planning now just imagine if
I say hey this story is going to
probably take 4 days and let's say that
this is some kind of implementation that
may be related to agentic AI that may be
related to rag if I have this knowledge
as a program manager don't you think I
will be able to say hey it will probably
not take 4 days you can also do this in
2 is
why because I know this stuff what is
there to make in this drag the important
components are this
yes and I will be able to say them I'll
be able to talk about it I'll be able to
do the planning properly because this
number of days if I'm reducing it and
I'm able to create an efficient pipeline
to complete the project don't you think
this will basically add up a value in
the companies
and now in this particular time I feel
Anybody can learn AI. Here we will not
show you tools how to create content or
how to probably go ahead and generate
image. No, we are not showing you this.
Here we will show you how you can learn
about fundamentals of generative AI.
How you can learn about fundamentals of
agentic AI. How you can learn
fundamentals of rag
and then how you can implement it
via no coding tool platforms.
no coding tool platforms. When we talk
about rag, you'll be seeing, oh, do I
need to know coding about rag? So people
will not even know what is rag. If I
talk about agentic application, the
first thing that will come in your mind,
how do we go ahead and implement it,
right? So for all those people who feel
that coding is tough in the initial
stage, they can definitely follow this
route.
I was really really interested in
launching this particular badge because
this badge I'm pitching to someone who
is
directly a professional or leaders in
the company who is a person who has
never started AI. Yes, I'm pitching to
those people. I'm looking for that kind
of audience because here I'm not telling
you that hey I will show you how to use
this AI tool. I'm not showing you that
hey how to generate the AI image over
there how to make animated image. No,
I'm showing you how you can use this
particular stuff and automate important
workflows.
Automate important
workflows.
Understood the main moto behind this
particular batch. Now everybody knows
who this particular batch is for. Yes or
no? Please do let me know. I'm very much
clear. Yes, we will learn about vector
embeddings also.
And first of all what we will do see in
learning everything that we are doing
over here right first of all we will
make a fundamental strong
fundamental strong here I'm not going to
add any jarens no mathematical equations
but make you understand the concept the
conceptual understanding is important
tomorrow you will be able to discuss as
a real professional who is having some
kind of experience I'm going to promise
you I will teach you in that specific
Okay,
just have trust on the kind of things
that I'm teaching you step by step we
will cover each and everything and
practical implementation we will go
ahead and use no coding tool platforms
after completing this automatically your
interest will come hey Chris now my next
step is to learn coding and start all
these things because I already know this
concept
yeah
if you want to go for coding then this
batch Definitely because this part is
already done. All you have to do is that
how you can do this coding tools. Okay.
How you can change this to coding.
That's it.
Yes. Let me show you some examples. See
I I'm telling you right I'm working from
past so many days on different different
startups. You see this code. Okay. So
this is one of my project that I'm
actually working on. Okay. Here I don't
have any idea about what programming
language is used over here. So usually
over here you'll be seeing that there is
a TypeScript programming language. Okay.
I don't have any knowledge about
TypeScript. I'm very good at Python and
I definitely don't have any knowledge
about TypeScript.
Do then you may be thinking Kish how did
you write this code? Any idea how did I
write this code?
I had an idea that I wanted to implement
this
and I have already done this. It's
working fine. It's working absolutely
fine. So this is an extension that I've
actually developed. Here you'll be able
to see the performance of your entire
project. And here specifically I've used
three amazing tools. One is cloudy code,
second one is GitHub copilot and third
one is open cordex. Okay. Now it's not
like see I don't know TypeScript. Now if
now I had an idea I wanted to implement
it by myself right just imagine 2015 if
I was I had this idea I had to hire some
TypeScript developer I had to hire some
JavaScript developers and then probably
tell them hey this is what is my idea
please go ahead and implement it. But
now what I have done I had an idea I
developed an MVP product in front of me.
I've shown five peoples they like the
idea now this becomes my MVP
agree or not
now just imagine you are an experienced
developer you are someone who is working
in one technology you don't know other
technology of writing the code if you
are already an architect
just imagine this see see all these
things right
and how many hours did I take to build
this just any anybody Everybody any
guess
how many hours do you think I may have
taken to build this
within 30 minutes
because I had my ideation in mind. I
implemented it. I had to just prepare a
proper plan and that plan will only come
when your fundamentals are strong.
Agree?
When your fundamentals is strong then
automatically
hey I want to build this I know how rag
works I know how agentic AI works okay I
know how to work with Python programming
language I need to probably go ahead and
convert in this specific way right now
do you understand what is the major aim
of the specific batch I hope you have
seen lot of advertisement right where
they teach you AI tools here we are not
teaching you AI tools here we are
teaching you how you can build something
even though
even though you're just conceptually
strong
amazing so please give me a thumbs up if
you have understood everything over here
and I I hope I'm able to make it very
much clear because many people when they
see the title of this particular course
many of you confused
sir how do I learn this right
now see this is done my my extension is
ready now I'm going to probably convert
this into an MCP server. Now I'm I want
to probably go ahead and convert this
into a AI coding agent. I can actually
do that
in just a brisk of time. You know,
nowadays uh my entire team how they
work, you know. So they sit from 10:00
a.m.
10:00 a.m. till 1:00 p.m. Now in this
time they only do coding.
Okay?
Now it's not like they do just coding
over here. They use AI and do coding.
Okay. And the reason they take a break
over here because
our LLM tokens gets over.
So there's a token limitation also for
this right for different different
plans. Then they take a rest. They eat
their food. They rest for 1 to two
hours. They take a nap and they again
come back fresh in the evening time.
Right? because you know when token limit
is done after 5 hours again the token
will come so they are ready
trust me in this okay so this is how
things are basically happening and this
is how everything is changing around you
right and you also have to be in that
specific path where you are able to do
all these things okay are we
incorporating cursor and wbe coding
approach for helping here to build MVP
solutions Sanjay I can just show you
right now I can show you a demo
Okay, I can show you a demo but trust
me, you'll not be able to take this
platform of uh cloud code which has the
highest limit because that monthly cost
is somewhere around $100.
The reason why I am able to afford
because I'm working on a startup idea,
I'm investing it from the company
itself, right?
Usually I will also talk about which all
other platforms other AI stuffs you can
actually use which can be affordable in
this and let me tell you you know we are
also coming up with a startup which will
actually help you to do this in onetenth
of the cost.
See I told you this also.
So we are also trying to come up with
something as a product which will
actually help you to do this in onetenth
of the cost.
Okay.
So I hope you have got an idea now.
Yes.
Yes. How is the induction session going
on till here? Is it fun? Kish. Yes. We
are learning something new. Some people
may say Kish noi
right interesting.
Yeah.
Great.
Now the thing is that uh from the next
weekend class
from the next weekend class that is from
Saturday as I told you Saturday
8:00 p.m. IST
we will start our first class and here
we are going to focus on fundamentals.
Okay, fundamentals. Fundamentals
basically means we'll talk about
generative AI, we'll talk about agentic
AI, we'll talk about rag applications
and parallelly as we go ahead in the
class you know implementation stuff my
will be taking specifically using no
coding tools whatever things I'm
teaching you over here right no coding
tools we'll use and we'll implement
these things Okay. And we are not just
going to focus over here. Here we are
going to focus on some amazing use
cases.
Amazing use cases. These use cases are
specifically with respect to industries.
Now this same use cases with the kind of
implementation that you're doing. We
will only not build an MVP product. You
will be seeing that this MVP product
will be completed into a final product
itself.
That level of understanding we will be
doing in this particular course. Clear?
Everyone
everybody clear?
Now you have understood for whom this
particular batch is what all things we
are basically going to cover how we are
going to cover and now you have got a
very clear kite idea why we have
launched this particular batch because
we did not want to miss out these people
because they definitely will be in a
dire need of this kind of stuff in the
companies
okay
yes there will also be a hands-on for
students and don't worry as I told you
everything we'll talk with respect to
technical nontechnical each and
everything okay how can this course be
for digital marketing we'll show you
with respect to the use case don't worry
okay open AAI Germany and cloudy
requires Python scripting knowledge it
is good if you have Python scripting
knowledge but again if you don't I'm
telling you if you do not have Python
knowledge also you will definitely be
able to build this that is my promise
okay clear
Yeah.
Can you give me examples of MVP?
Uh
can you give me examples of MVP? We can
come up with lot of examples. We'll talk
about first of all let's start with the
basic stuff, right? Let's start with
basic stuff. We'll try to understand the
fundamentals. Then we'll be talking
about use cases and all. Okay. Everybody
QA, you may be program manager, you may
be doing this that you know. So you m
will probably show you one project where
you can automate everything. Giraff
you'll be able to automate uh githubs
everything over there right. So lot of
different different tools will be there
which you can specifically integrate.
Okay now one very important thing is
that yeah data analysis and all are very
basic thing. One very important thing is
that in this batch many people have
asked about certification.
Okay. So I'll tell a clear answer for
this.
No certification.
Okay. You want certification.
What will happen with this
certification?
What will happen with this
certification?
In the certificate I'll write hey you
are the most amazing beautiful person
who knows everything in AI. Will that
add any value? Who am I to tell you?
Huh? Who am I?
Am I some am I someone? Am I an inventor
of AI? Yeah. What you'll do with the
certification?
Many people are not after passing their
uh college you know you are only using
the degree when you get a job for
background verification you submit over
there that's it right are you using that
degree anywhere the most important thing
that you are using is knowledge whatever
knowledge you have gained right so this
knowledge knowledge is really important
implementation knowledge is important
thinking knowledge is important right so
I don't support certification unless and
until Google personally ally comes and
say hey Kish provide the certification
to everyone okay there will be an exam
this Google AWS all certification you'll
be seeing that there'll be a dump of
files which you just read from there and
you'll be able to answer okay the second
important thing is that please focus on
your brand building what is brand
building
what is brand building
yeah don't worry we will give amazing
hackathon problems which you really need
to solve. Okay. Now brand building.
Okay. When you talk about myself Kish
when you talk about M
do we have do people know us in
industries?
Yeah. How do they know us in industries?
It is not only because we teach that is
not the reason out there because we have
done abundant amount of work in AI
field. So we are pretty much if anybody
comes to my profile they'll probably
message me they'll be asking for some
kind of help. They'll be even providing
me work opportunities right and this is
the most important thing that is
required right now.
Right now you should be in a stage that
you should start focusing on brand
building. You don't know tomorrow what
may happen right the only thing that
remains is that who is Krishnak who is
Mank
right why you are coming and learning
from us because you have some kind of
trust right yes the way we teach can
definitely help you to learn more and
make big in the industries agree
yes
yes or no so how do we focus on brand
building if I implement something if If
I share it in LinkedIn, let's say
LinkedIn is a LinkedIn is a platform
where many professionals will be there.
If you just go ahead and share in
LinkedIn, if anybody likes it, don't you
think they will contact you
any kind of learning?
Yeah.
Tell me if you build some kind of ad if
you automate a very complex workflow and
you share it in the LinkedIn saying that
hey I've not even used code and I've
used AI to solve this specific use cases
tell me whether this will add value or
not.
Let me tell you nowadays most of the
hiring happens by seeing these things
that normal hiring routine that used to
happen before right we go and then get a
call from job portal you apply in the
job portal I think that has got very
very much reduced nowadays people are
just looking for what you have
implemented they'll they really want to
know your GitHub profile GitHub why
GitHub because you will be sharing all
the things that you have done over there
Yes or no? Whatever things you have
actually done, whatever things you have
actually built,
right? So that is the most important
thing that will matter. And let me tell
you guys now
the industry has become very volatile.
Agree
the industry
has become very volatile.
Right?
I pray to God this may should not happen
to any one of you but you will be seeing
that many people have been getting laid
off right they have even devoted amazing
amount of hours amazing amount of number
of days amazing number of years in their
companies but because of some or the
other thing
you may get laid off do you think if you
have spent let's say 10 years in one
company just focus focused on doing work
and let's say that you have laid off. Do
you think within the next month or next
couple of months you'll be able to get a
job.
Yes, you may you have to probably go
ahead and do a lot of connections
probably do lot of things out there. But
just imagine if you had this brand
building along with me
along with this people also know you hey
you you are the best out there in the
market who can think about any kind of
use cases and you can probably build it
to the production
and if this situation happens you'll say
okay it's your loss
it's your loss because there are many
many other companies who are looking for
people like This
yeah
HS don't worry we will also show you how
you can put all this no coding tools how
we are using building application even
in GitHub don't worry about it okay
do you know about all these companies
like OpenAI
Meta
Google
okay any more companies let's
philanthropic
all these companies what they they're
fighting for people who have definitely
worked in this industry which includes
training of LLMs yes or no you'll be
seeing one person will be posted over
here the other person will be posted
over here some person from here to here
they'll go from here to here they'll go
some person from here to here it will
come right why this is possible because
they know these people have actually
built it why because in the research
paper they the names in in different
different blogs they have the names
right who has actually specifically
developed it now this is what we should
really focus on your brand building
right so please it's a request guys
everybody share your learnings
in all the platforms which includes
which where where you'll be able to see
a lot of IT professionals right that is
the reason you'll be also able to see
our dashboard it you have that feed
feature
in LinkedIn do definitely go ahead and
share your learnings. Tag me, tag bank,
we will also definitely push your
profile forward because it's not like
only we want to become famous. Yeah. I
want everybody who who probably learns
from me at least to be in that
particular stage that you do some
amazing work.
Yeah. So, but what is our company
colleagues see our post and this may
cause negative impact. You're just
putting learnings out there.
Learnings. I'm not saying that you're
switching jobs or doing this. Learnings.
You have learned something. Hey, this is
what every company will support this,
right? Your learnings. You'll be saying,
"Hey, today I have built this specific
stuff. This is how it was built." Yes.
So please again it's a request because I
do get a lot of message saying that sir
this happened that happened can you
help? See my hands are also limited
right like how much I will be able to
help I will be able to do that but the
other thing is that you have to focus on
this tomorrow
when you are in trouble
let me tell you there will be hardly any
people who will be helping you out you
have to probably see at yourself see
yourself what you are actually doing yes
we will make you capable we will do all
the support that is actually required
but at the end of the day right it's you
who has to actually do it. Any people
who comes up with transition stories to
me right they first say that sir because
of you we have made a transition I say
no not because of me it was your hard
work that actually which you did and
made the specific transition
okay everyone
so will you promise me doing this if you
do this trust me all these concepts that
I've actually spoken about you'll learn
in a most amazing way and I'll
definitely be there till your learning
gets in like this complete batch you'll
be able to learn it in the most amazing
way yeah
clear everybody
yeah how was the induction session good
I've cleared all your all your doubts
out there trust on our teaching and
start working on the things that we say
okay and we have provided each and
everything with respect to the dashboard
access each and everything the way that
you'll be able to you'll be able to see
over there in a much more amazing way
itself. Okay,
perfect. So, uh now
what we will do is that
I think I've spoken about each and
everything. M anything that I missed I
guess.
>> No sir, I think uh all of
Yeah, I think some majority things are
done should not be like main thing and
everything.
>> Yes. So one thing guys u see as soon as
this session gets over you'll get the
recordings within 24 hours. We usually
try to do it in 4 to 5 hours but usually
what happens is that after the recording
is completed uh after the live session
is completed zoom takes some time to
probably do the processing. Okay. So man
I think uh we can start with the doubt
clearing session. Okay. I will talk
about doubt clearing session also. One
very important point like many people
will say sir how much time I have to
wait. See see guys uh I'll tell you if I
had a option to put a replica of myself
and for every person I could have given
Kish or Mank right I would have done
that okay we are also human beings uh
that personal touch usually comes from
human beings u you may be thinking okay
I can put my entire team and probably
also do the doubt clearing but I don't
want to do that I want everyone to talk
with me or m ask a question you know and
try to answer as much as possible
So please be with us. Okay. I know there
will be some delay but trust me unless
and until the last person doubt is not
cleared we will not go from here.
Whatever it may be it may take another
24 hours also we will definitely be
here. Okay. So if there is something
that you're not able to do it because of
time zone I would suggest please drop
off but we will be there with respect to
meals and all other things. Uh there
also we'll be able to communicate and in
the next class also we can communicate
also. Okay. So now the rule is very
simple. You raise your hand one by one.
We will allow you to talk and uh
your queries as it is getting answered
we will unmute you.
>> So Mike we can start with I just take
the five minutes.
>> Uh sure sure. So one more thing everyone
as sir said normally now since we have
taken so many batches now what happen is
that see today again the first class
many people will be having doubts
related to their career everything right
and thing which we follow is that we
solve doubt while teaching as well we
sol fall like solve it one by one okay
so it's not that we unnecessarily try to
make uh you just go away with doubt as
her said like generally there have been
cases where we have taught for 3 hours
and solved doubts for more than 3 hours
as well right in our classes And we are
generally sitting like we can even share
the classes there. Right? So uh with
respect to that we are also now doing a
little bit different thing. Okay. So
though there are again I will be sitting
Chris will be there we will be asking
you answering your doubts. Just I will
take one more time to just walk you
through the slavers and the timeline.
Okay. Those have done the same thing.
The whole idea is going to be that uh
you will be we will be unmuting you. We
will be asking you to speak one by one
and then you can ask your doubts. the
last person because again it's a first
come first kind of a thing that okay
people will raise their hand so we will
be of course making sure of that last
person might have to wait so don't again
unnecessarily curse us right I'm doing
one more thing this time so what I'm
doing is I'm also sharing a form with
all of you okay so this form if you will
open right I will just quickly share my
screen and show you so that if you will
open this form for people who are having
let's say from different time zone etc
they will be able to use this right so
they can just ask their doubts here and
we will make sure to come back on the
email or let's say afterwards as well in
tomorrow's like let's say Saturday class
or Sunday class as well we will be able
to answer that so normally because in
the induction class we have seen that it
takes usually 3 or 4 hours like the last
one we remember we were awake till one
or two to solve the doubts okay so on
that note we just want to make sure that
we are best able to cater to everyone
and again we do it one by one so that
everyone is happy okay so that's the
thing now let me quickly quickly come to
the slay bus as well. Right. A little
bit quick timeline part. So just give me
a minute. Right.
Let me open your uh course.
Great.
So one thing for everyone if still
someone wants to join before we start
and because this will be a shorter
course overall you can use the coupon
code for the discount like you can give
it to your friends or your colleagues.
Coming to the course majorly. So we have
created a detailed course labels which
you all can download from here. Now
normally in our batches what we do is we
are anyway teaching more than what we
like given the slabs right and we are
even adding new things as well. So if
something new comes up we will be
teaching that anyway okay so it is not
that the slabs is kind of very very uh
something like okay if it is out of
state we will not teach of course with
respect to time. Now coming to the
timeline everyone this course as I said
already will be of two to two and a half
months right it will be a quick course
where the whole idea is that we will be
making you walk through how to as I said
use AI understand AI first rather not
directly use understand AI first and
then using different different tools the
no code platforms everything you are
able to quickly do and create MVPs so we
will be going from proper automations
then app we will be going all the way to
the application as well that how can you
build an application right how can you
make sure that you are using them
without having any code knowledge. So
those things are going to be helpful for
all of you. So this is again the stables
which you can go through. There are many
tools we can even add or remove the
tool. We will be giving you the idea
about that without going any technical
thing. Right? We will tell you that okay
what is the price and everything for the
tools even which we are having the paid
one. We will show you that okay what the
paid one offers. Of course not all tools
we are having the paid one. It is not
needed as well. Right? So that is going
to be again the thing. Okay. But
anyways, we will be working you through
these and the more tools and then we
will be teaching about all these things
as well. So your idea, your overall
things will get a lot clearer. That's
our whole aim. And coming to the
timeline as sir said like initially we
will be learning. So from next class
20th onwards we will be working on these
things to explain you about the concepts
everything and then let's say after a
month I think after 3 weeks okay once
the concepts are clear then we will be
moving on to see that okay what are the
different different concepts now we are
not going to just bluff in this that
okay go to chat GP ask what is happening
and you are all good no that doesn't get
you anywhere we will be teaching you
some things right so even if code is not
there we will be teaching you genuine
things like you will see many courses
where there they are is teaching you
that hey uh go to let's say go to Google
AI studio Google AI studio then go here
right go to nano banana let's say if I
go on chat uh go to nanobanana here and
you can just uh create a quick thing
well that is all good as well but we are
not going to teach you like this we are
going to teach you that okay how can you
use in your in this in your application
or somewhere as well right maybe via no
code tools maybe via code we will
explain you that okay what are APIs you
will understand a good holistic idea
about uh tech around these products so
not the technical things but those
things are required now again if you
want that hey no no we I don't know code
no we are not asking you to know the
code that is not a problem but we will
be making sure that at least you
understand how to use them for again
creating any application doing a proof
of work doing some prototyping all these
things okay so that is going to be the
whole thing everyone uh everything again
related to prompting all these things
will be kind of done and here you can
see the labels but believe me slabers is
going to be way more than it is here
like we normally expand on the labels
when we are teaching we inculcate new
new things so yeah pretty awesome use
cases we will be covering so you don't
have to worry on anything okay is
everything clear now everyone I hope you
can give us a thumbs up or smiley face
and some confettes okay so for people
who have not connected uh you can just
connect with us on LinkedIn right so
that should be helpful
I'm sharing my link again Chris sir link
also I've shared before right any
prerequisite no prerequisite that's the
whole thing of this course right no
prerequisite just you will have to be a
little fluid like yeah if you as we are
asking you that hey you can do a no code
tool and you have to understand that yes
this is how things happen we will be
teaching you the basic but if you say
that hey m no I want to understand each
and every code which I'm writing then
it's a little problem because that is
not the aim of this course okay so that
is why even python is not a prerequisite
it is just for the prototyping
and making sure that okay when you say
when you sit in a room you know what AI
is someone says that hey do you know
what an MCP is do you know a tool for
this do you know that can we do this or
not hey this is an idea can we quickly
implement the same that is a level of
confidence we want to give to all of you
okay so yeah uh classes everyone I think
is already written on this particular uh
thing I think it is very very nicely
written here as you can see 8 to 10 p.m.
Saturday and Sundays September 14th uh
like Sunday it is a start date but yes
that's the idea okay
cool cool cool cool cool so yeah I think
that was all uh now just to give you a
very very basic timeline as well because
people are asking for that uh one more
thing you will not be able to see other
people chat because I we don't want that
you have uh let's say steam of messages
in which you are going through that is
normally helpful right so uh with that
everyone let's see the same Now what
happen is that this is let's say today
is 14th September right
today is 14th September
now we will be making sure that first in
the next class we learn and start about
how to use different different things
right and all the way we'll be telling
you how to let's say set up few things
as well okay so that should not also be
a problem we will be teaching you about
in this full September we will be
teaching you about
concepts
how to use AI what or what is AI agentic
AI
generative AI now again it will not be
on code it will not be on maths all
these things are not something which we
will be doing we will be explaining you
the basic idea right so that you are
having those whole understanding that is
going to be the whole thing then after
that what will happen everyone we once
we complete this then most probably
uh let's say by mid October around or
majorly after Diwali okay in October we
will be starting to then use and go to
tools right that how can we do this okay
NLP basic LLM no again uh Ratnadep
Manjunath different that is a totally
wrong approach as I said LLM NLP LLM
those are different things right so that
is going to be the case and yeah once
you have done that we We'll be then
making sure that we learn about prompt
engineering other things as well. So
those are the things which we will be
telling you. Okay. Then once this is
done everyone then you will be uh we
will be doing and creating the world
from AI
all the way to applications that how can
you create your own applications how can
you let's say quickly host the same to
send link to someone all those things
also we are going to uh do as well okay
and yeah I think that will be somewhere
around November and we will be focusing
to complete this course till November
end okay will you cover MCP how to use
it all the things will be covered what
exactly is MCP why MCP All these things
will be covered and taught to you as
well right so don't worry on that it's a
very easy thing like generally we use it
day in and day out even today as well I
was talk teaching about MCP creating an
MCP server so again just to show you I
think I have the code open just let me
check we will not be telling you that
hey how to uh let's say for example uh
okay I don't have that code yeah so we
will not be telling you that hey how to
create an MCP server quickly and you are
like okay I want to understand
everything that is again the coding part
but directly how to use the same that is
going to be the idea. Okay. Then about
APIs etc. What exactly is needed or not
needed? Those things will be taught
because the idea is that people are
there from all domains. So if I talk a
lot coding that is not my helpful. If I
talk non tech that might not be helpful
too. So we have find a very good batch
in this. Okay. Will this course help me
to use AI in my data engineering. So
Akit uh coming to data engineering yes
it will be helpful. But uh since I am a
very I've used data engineering in lots
of depth. I can tell you that in data
engineering 80% of the work is little
bit unaffected by AI. Okay. So we will
uh we can see a project okay where it
will be helpful and everything but data
engineering I will still ask you to
focus on that but yes you will get an
idea about AI that how can you use uh
let's say now data bricks is kind of
like pushing a lot on the AI front if
you will see right so you will
understand that for digital marketing
everything it will be very very helpful
okay BI domain also well so don't worry
that
okay cool so yeah I think that was all
everyone Now what I can do is uh just
give me a minute.
Great.
So first thing as sir said I will be now
uh I like your honesty
go like from you we are anyway honest
and everything. So that is not a problem
for people who want to fill in the form
who are getting late they can fill in
the form else uh I will be sitting here
and asking it out. So don't worry. Okay.
Uh yeah, I'm sending the form. Just
don't do both. So, okay. 1 minute. Okay.
We'll have to wait everyone. Just a
minute. Uh okay.
Let me host. Yeah. Cool. I think that
should be helpful. Yeah. Yeah. So,
Karthik, Dr. Karthik, you can talk. I
think it's D. Karthik. Sorry. You can uh
unmute yourself. Okay.
>> Hi, sir.
>> Hi. Good evening.
>> Good evening.
>> Yeah, I'm from the education sector.
>> Okay.
>> So like I just want to understand like
how the schools will be helpful for me
>> and again as pointed like uh like we are
not going to get any certification on
this. So this is actually a sponsored
spok program from my management. Okay.
>> So end of the day as a professor like I
have to submit all those uh stuff to my
management again after the completion of
this course. So like how this will be
helpful? So we will we will give you a
completion course later ma'am. Once the
course is completed uh you can just
request uh or drop us a mail and we will
be giving a course completion letter.
Okay.
>> Okay. Like uh like pointing to like how
this will be helpful helpful for me uh
like by working in an education center
like you can also help me on that part
as well.
>> Yes. Yes. We are using a day in and day
out. So let's say where you are exactly
K12 or what thing? So I am actually a
program lead of school of computing.
It's like a dean.
>> Huh.
>> So we will be telling you that how can
we use because we are using it a lot as
well like how it will be better. How can
you make sure that students overall have
a good experience? How can we let's say
if we have an idea just like let's say I
have created a form. We can quicker do a
quick uh let's say student let's say
support system. You can uh create a
quick app or website kind of a thing
where you can ask students to complete
something or do their work. Right? So
those all things we will be kind of
discussing and the way we will be doing
these things you will get an idea right
that okay how exactly this can be done.
So for example if you're teaching about
something we can have that okay a mail
can be set after this particular class
better way of sharing. So those things
you will be able to easily understand
once you complete this course for sure
because we are doing it as well day in
day out. Okay. completely. So for my
understanding like uh like I can take uh
use this for the management sort of work
or I can also handle the classes on this
kind for my students as well. Well that
I
>> yes uh you should be so once you get see
based on your domain you will be able to
understand that what is the use case you
have right and based on what we will be
then teaching you let's say for the
management side and for the student
overall better experience surely you
will be able to then create good uh like
options for that I would not say a
software but good options overall for
that so that should not be a problem
>> okay okay so thank you thank you
>> okay cool uh sing you can uh sorry bar
you can talk now. Jug will be next.
People who have who will be talking, I
will be unmuting you. So yeah.
>> Hi. Hi M. Can you hear me?
>> Yes. Yes.
>> Yeah. Hi M. So I
>> just one second. Just one second. Path.
Uh so everyone uh yes we are not taking
the doubts. You can just you will just
have to wait as I said. Meanwhile you
can fill in the form as well. Okay. And
like we will be talking to each and
everyone as I said. So just you will
have to wait. Right. We are not teaching
as as such anything now. So just connect
with us and if you have anything please
feel free to tell us but overall the
class with respect to the orientation is
done okay so if anyone is let's say on
the different time zone if they want to
drop off they can surely do that but I
will uh ask that if you have any doubts
some generic thing please stay back and
we will help you clear that okay yeah
sorry part you can continue
>> yeah so m in in the orientation you and
Chris have both explained very well that
how this course will help us I'm clear
with that but you also shed some light
on this fact that if we start from the
very basic okay so I come from a finance
background he talks with MBA in finance
okay so if we talk about starting
learning understanding AI from the very
basic
>> that's a completely different pathway to
that okay and the course which we are
learning sits somewhere on top of the
course okay there are some things prior
to that if we start from the very
beginning so
so I have never done coding okay but
yeah I'm very eager to understand what
that pathway looks like. Okay. But this
course we have tried to find an opening
in between wherein people who have not
you know who don't understand code can
pitch in and start learning. Okay. But
yeah uh if you could shed some light or
explain in a way how the complete
pathway from scratch looks like
>> and how someone from low coding
background can start or get away with
that uh get on the way with that that
will be really helpful.
>> Sure. So I will quickly cover it because
I think that will be helpful for
everyone. Let's say you or someone is as
a person like this as the hand suggest
we have no idea about AI. No idea about
AI. Now what happened is that the
traditional path which one has to take
right and something which all of us have
done as well. Right? So if I talk
particularly about me I think I have
been coding for more than easily 25 more
than 10 plus years right. So I started
back in school. Chris of course have a
way bigger like greater experience as
well. Okay. So when when I didn't
started my college Chris graduated so we
have taken the path I will tell you the
exact path it will be helpful for
everyone. We learn a programming
language say Python. Then we learn about
data science in data science maths and
stats are there and we are also running
a batch for this right where in depth we
are teaching about these things. Then we
learn about let's say feature
engineering,
feature engineering,
uh overall EDA, data analytics kind of a
thing, right? Databases everything, all
these things. Then machine learning,
then deep learning, right? NLP. So
machine learning again is the overall
thing where we understand that from the
patterns etc. Deep learning majorly has
to do with the voice and videos and
let's say the audio etc these things. So
again here also we have done lots of
things I have research paper etc that as
well and these are all again all the
things where we have spent generally
years understanding right now after that
advanced NLP
then come LLM right then after that come
generative AI
and then now it is agentic AI now you
can again have advanced AI all these
things as well here so this path easily
is easily it is more than year of a path
right If you try to complete this path
now coming from a finance background
everything is well you might have been
explained about many things let's say
linear regression but again that is not
at that level helpful right so the whole
idea becomes that the proper path for a
coder or for a person to understand now
we are able to sit here and say that
okay we can explain you each and
everything because we have done that
hard work over the time we have
genuinely spent those years right
>> so the idea is that we the reason we
came up with this batch was because See
right now AI is kind of a lot extracted.
Now what I mean by extracted like person
doesn't need to know all these things to
use AI right it's like okay you don't
need how the phone is making a call you
just want to make a call right so you
don't care about the overall things
there so the idea becomes that instead
of learning all of these things so why
not directly learn how to use a phone
and that is the reason we came up this
course because by the time you do all
these things maybe the AI field has kind
of move a lot ahead now if you're from
the coding background if you're an
engineer everything let's say in first
second year of college this path still
makes sense Because with this you will
be able to do research more proper use
cases everything but for a person who is
in finance with a non techch background
who is let's say five seven plus years
experience doesn't make sense to go
through this path okay why why can't we
use that directly so that is the whole
thing okay
>> understood so I should focus more on my
core finance skills and rather work on
integrating with AI that's
>> you should focus on how AI can help you
in these things for example let's say
how AI tools like AI can help you in
understanding these things. Let's say
how can you automate your emails? How
can you get more time? How can you make
AI to your work for you? How can you
create a personal assistant which does
all the work for you, right? Let's say
if you have a call with someone, can you
train an AI which will make sure that
hey before the call half an hour before
it will send you everything around that
particular person, can you make sure
that your slack the one let's say if
you're using it in office, can you have
something where you have an AI which you
ask that hey can you please tell me
about this? All those things are
something which we are interested to
know. That is the whole idea.
>> Okay.
>> Understood.
>> So that is what we will be focusing and
learning through this course. And surely
by the end everyone I'm saying easily
everyone
can save at least I'm saying at least 10
hours from this after doing the course
because you will be automating many
things in your life and other making
them a lot awesome. Okay.
>> Thank you.
>> Cool. Okay. Cool. Yeah. So uh path is
done. Jagmi you can ask it out.
>> Uh is it Jagat? Are you
>> sorry? Uh I'm seeing your name Jagmi. Uh
sure.
>> Yeah. Yes. Jagat. Hey. Hey. Nice
meeting.
>> Hi.
>> Was a very good session. So thank you
for that.
>> Thanks a lot.
>> Um basically basically the visual way of
learning or teaching is is basically
work with me. So thank you. So the
question I have is uh would we do a
capstone project as part of this um
program where we can develop an
application using agentic AI or a AI
agent with workflows behind it.
>> Would we do that?
>> Yes. Yes, we will be doing that rather
multiple of them not a single multiple
of them.
>> If I can ask one more question I was
just following you on the LinkedIn and
and then then awesome posts for I just
read two or three they were all good.
One of the thing I was looking at Chris
uh post was about um learning path path
one path two path three um of course
path one is a long shot for me because
I'm not a traditional coder um but do
you think uh path two or path three will
take you to uh to an extent where you
can do where where you can have a very
educated and intelligent discussion with
your clients because I am in service
business and I talk to my clients a lot
um um you know I I implement a lot of
these enterprise solutions. Uh AI is
playing a big role in it. Um and I'm
talking about sea level executives. So
when I talk to them, I need to really
make sense of what I'm talking. So would
that which path would be good? I know I
see Chris
>> two part two will be the best way of
going you know first of all now follow
this then make your fundamental strong
you know as you go.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Sounds good. Maybe
there will be another course or path
two. I look for it. Yeah, Chris,
>> which path? Sorry, path one or three?
>> I I I would I would I would hope that
there will be another course for path
two which will go a little more detail
or one level down or do you think this
would be the path?
>> No, this is this is this is for path the
course.
>> Oh, okay. Okay, great. Then thank you.
Thank you for Yeah. Yeah. Here we are
focusing on people like you where you
don't have to worry about the coding,
right? just drag and drop no code tools
implement all the agenti solutions get a
good start and then tomorrow once you
have that kind of discussion with your
seniors professionals and all right
they'll know that they then
automatically your interest will go
towards coding and all right so
>> a shameful declaration here I I am
actually part of your another course
which is going on right now the EDA one
the feature engineering and statistics I
joined that for the coach is doing
awesome is doing really awesome But I
lost it like I could not follow it end
to end. So it was
>> that is path one traditional
>> path. Yes. Yes.
>> You need to devote time for part one.
No.
>> Thank you. Thank you.
>> Okay.
Uh Sony I think you can ask now your
doubt.
>> Sir uh just want to know that I
understand that today is the orientation
season. Yeah.
>> So we have the nasticism on coming
Saturday. In between that anything that
we have to prepare or how it will be?
>> No, you don't have to do anything. Just
wait enjoy. We will be
>> on the next class we will be telling you
what you have to be prepared for the
next class like that.
>> Okay. But uh uh practical also you will
do all the practicals and all those
things. So in case if I have any doubt
when I go through the recordings or
something uh how I can get it I have to
use
>> you have a community chat out there you
saw that right in the dashboard message
section
>> there you have to drop your message your
peer-to-peer communication will also
happen and we'll also be active over
there
>> okay sir okay so no need to learn
anything in between this uh coming
>> we will inform you what you have to be
preparing for the next class and come
okay
>> okay sir Okay. Thank you. Thank you,
sir.
>> Great. Uh sir, I think we can unmute the
next batch.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Uh you take the host session.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Just a second. Yes.
Okay.
Cool. Uh so people who have talked to
they can just uh also disable their
talking. I'm doing that. So
I think Jugi uh we have already talked
to you. My bad and people who have
talked to please have your hands down.
Uh
Tesh uh Ganesh and Shiva Kiran you can
ask it out like one any one of you can
ask it out.
Hey my this is Ganesha.
>> Hey. Hi Ganesh.
>> Excellent. Excellent. Okay. So uh the
just I want to don't want to waste other
times also. So I'm basically from SAP uh
program manager. I'm just looking into
the various project into the global
level. So the intent of this course okay
I as you said that okay so we are in a
vast area like okay I just I just don't
want to go into the deeper level of
coding level but I just want to
understand the concepts of how the AI is
going to work and how to implement and
how what is the going further okay how
this is going to be useful to my
projects and everything I just got a
very good view on this and there is
something just I would I would like to
ask to you my and uh okayish
so this we are we are hearing a lot of
SAP jul right okay it is on the top of
SAP B2P and everything so is there
anything that idea you can be
incorporating in this course or it is
something like uh out of scope
so I will just tell you uh here Ganesh
because uh SAP which you are seeing like
many people I'm just connecting and
they're having the same thing see that's
because a little bit more uh specific
right
>> something because again if you take up
cases like this surely it can be say
like there can be 100 plus cases which
are specific to sub person industry and
everything right
>> so people are trying to let's say now
move away from RPAs and making sure that
they can have some better tools which
can help them in automation
>> and SAP related things are coming
>> uh we will be including the overall way
through which you will be getting a idea
that okay how can you use this
>> specific to let's say like for example
SAP is specific to you other people can
have something other specific
>> so instead of focusing on the specific
use case we will generally make sure
that the way you understand you can just
apply them everywhere. So that is going
to be our road.
>> Got it.
>> Okay.
>> And one more last question. Okay. That's
thank you very much for this and uh
Kish. Okay. This I just about to
complete in Udemy York course. Okay.
Complete agent boot camp with the long
graph and lang. Okay. that I am yet to
get completing and uh okay that is a
very good session I had and using this I
started looking into the ALM notebook LM
and I had done lot many things in the
notebook LM and I've been got
appreciated with all the things that
that is only because of you Chris your
classes and everything thank you very
much for that
>> no see see again my work is just to
teach it's all your hard work you know
so you I see there should be someone
okay if if if you are not going to be
there Ganesh is not there right okay
something like that I believe in you
thank you very much for you all the
trainings in the Udemy. I operate for
that and this is my first live training
with you Chris. Thank you very much for
providing all the insights in this and
looking forward to get some more
information from you in the coming
classes. Thank you very much for all the
thank you very much.
>> Thank you sir. Thank you sir.
>> Yeah.
>> Hi sir Shir
I'm part of your LLM ops team as well
and I'm following you in YouTube and
LinkedIn. Uh so I did my I'm working in
IQBI the associate director for DevOps.
>> Mhm.
>> Uh so I also wanted to learn AI ops LL
ops and also want to grow techno
management. So
more on the uh management side.
So I think this fundamentals will brush
up me a lot and uh I also want to learn
the governance and the costing part and
how I can plan the resources with the AI
agents. So if you can also include or in
the doubt session if you want to tell
however you want to cover please that
will be
>> we will be covering so what we will be
doing I will tell uh in the projects or
end to end solution which we will do
right in middle we will throw that how
can you do that tracing and
observability of your solutions. So what
happen is that let's say if your AI
solution which we are creating it is say
making any AI call how much tokens it is
consuming what might be the expected
cost all of those things we will be kind
of handling
>> right so that you get an idea overview
of that again via no code good dashboard
only
>> I will just show you again because see
again we are doing all these things in
other patches as well right
>> so I will quickly show you uh how you
might be able to see that now just as an
example right for everyone to see like
yeah we know things so great see like
just today I was doing a project where I
was showing that okay how we can have a
dashboard like this that okay what all
is happening so we asked a question then
uh what was the question it went to
Gemini 2.0 auto flash what was the
prompt cost completion total cost idea
what exactly we asked the full chat when
the tool got called so this something
like this around the agent whether time
agent right we can go on the metrics
here
>> so yeah when you create these kinds of
good dashboard and your to discuss that
with your team or with your management
of course they are very happy that yeah
person knows something
>> so we will new project comes no sir we
will be asked to provide the costing
>> and also you know how the resource
planning have to do like we have some
wipe coding tool rolled out in our
company like cursor. So most of them are
using it. So they will be asking us that
you know okay using cursor how we will
do the resource planning now how much
reduced in the performance cost and how
much cost in the uh infrastructure as a
tokens you will use. So if we have some
idea we can you know build on top of
>> so yes we will be covering that. Uh just
one caveat here uh specific to your
company right there will be many things
which you are be aware. So for that
exact number finding and exact uh impact
you will have to get an idea. Yes sir.
>> Yeah we will tell you that okay how
using that like how can you get a basic
idea let's say by automation how much
time you are solving how claw let's say
cursor or something help you with that
but let's say with respect to a
particular company what the finances and
things they measure that impact you will
also have to spend some time. Okay.
>> Yeah. Yeah sure. Thank you. That will be
helpful.
Uh
>> great. So you can ask your doubt.
>> Oh yes. So my doubt about no code tool.
Okay. So just uh I also part of LLM ops
and I also learn that aentic one. So I
learned a lot of things from you and
Chris and as well as Sunni.
>> Okay. So now what I'm thinking about
that so if I'll focus on that completely
coding and all these things. So it take
a lot of time to build any product.
Okay. And I joined this specific so I
can learn the more about the no code
tool. You also cover nit in aentic. So I
learned that how we use that n and I
also made some automation in that
>> but for the continue to the flow I
joined this as well. So now my question
come that I'm targeting to start a
specific no code uh agency. Okay. So it
this course will be helpful about this
one because if we hire a specific code
person and all these thing it goes a lot
of time okay to build that code and for
the starting like uh SMB is the client
so like I can target the SMB and I
specific focus on that uh SMB client uh
do that workflow automations AI agent
those specific
>> sure uh we'll answer that
and flow wise line flow I work on that
>> yeah so yeah we'll answer that again
from my experience because we are doing
this now again uh understand everything
and I will be again honest here and not
like other people like where they sell
that okay create uh create something via
no code tools and just get rich or do
things no code tool will be helpful we
will be covering those in depth right
but when you are genuinely reaching out
to a client and I know that because I
have been doing this uh the requirement
overall requires you to have a good
knowledge as well major Generally people
will be creating a use case and they
will be like yes that can be used and
that is true up to a point but the
problem arises when you have to scale
when you have to support that right and
the that does requires in-depth
technical knowledge okay it's not that
you see a YouTube video and you are like
again if you have a knowledge to
complement that and we also teach things
in depth that will surely be helpful now
coming to your question can you do the
automation etc yes it will be taught in
that level that you can do that now next
thing can you like will this course
cover about say uh the overall work or
the complexities which arises when you
are let's say facing some bottleneck in
no code tools etc well up to a point yes
but there will be few things which one
has to be a little technical strong okay
like let's say if I talk about scaling
concurrency all these things so we will
touch upon that okay but as an
individual or as a agency if you are
trying to reach out to clients you need
those level of understanding because
that is where the major bottleneck
occurs right not in just creating those
things so with the idea you will get you
should be able to start and help your
clients a lot better with the scaling
thing. There will be new things as well
which you will have to surely move
forward with. So that is the idea and
the whole thing around