========================================================================
  TRANSCRIPT
========================================================================
  Video ID   : gRlR4cxA2XA
  URL        : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRlR4cxA2XA
  Extracted  : 2026-03-18 16:30:18 UTC
  Words      : 16,416
  Lines      : 2,211
========================================================================

idea.
[Music]
[Music]
I don't know.
[Music]
Okay. Hello everybody. I hope I am
audible. I think Mike my voice is
audible right?
>> Yes, it's completely fine. Voice is
audible.
>> Like so it's after many days we have
come live. Yeah. A lot of work, lot of
classes, lot of Udemy courses. So we are
working really hard to provide best
things to you all but just give a hi so
that we can see you all and again uh
this session will be an amazing session
where we are going to you know teach you
about AI so that you can automate most
of your task which is definitely
required by everyone of out here right
so just make sure to hit like and uh
let's show your excitement over here
right so we'll be able to take this
sessions regularly as we go ahead So M
anything that you want to say before we
start?
>> Yeah, just so uh one minute. Yeah. So hi
everyone. I know it's been a lot of time
since we have been active but uh we will
be doing that a lot more. Uh that is
something which we are planning as well
and yeah we are now back with very very
exciting series freef fall of all of you
which we will talk a little bit more. We
also have a very good Q&A plan for all
of you tomorrow which I will of course
be telling a little bit more and yes uh
the final and the main aim is to make
sure that we are able to make everyone
skilled in AI no matter the background
no matter where the person is technical
nontechnical and you will see that how
we are working very hard towards that so
with respect to that and of course as I
said we are working on the live classes
Udei some awesome platform as well so
hopefully all of us will be able to have
a very good uh future career And we are
here to help you in the same. So yeah,
it's then continue
>> and the main aim is that see uh
everybody should learn. There are free
content, there are paid content from
wherever you want to go ahead and run,
please go ahead and run it. Okay. But at
the end of the day, I think I feel that
yeah AI should be one of the thing that
you should definitely incorporate in
your life. Whatever things you're
actually doing, please go ahead and
start learning AI, start doing it
because now you're able to do some
amazing work with it.
Okay. Uh so perfect. Uh so what will be
the agenda of today's uh session will be
that now
I hope everybody has heard about AI
right but how you can use AI for your
day-to-day task your day-to-day work
over here we are not teaching you how to
code and all we are just giving you an
idea like how you're going to
specifically use AI to do some of your
work and today's use case is all about
social media I know many of you use
social media from LinkedIn to Instagram
to Facebook many more things. So today
uh we'll be doing that and again uh uh
prerequisite I think m you don't require
coding knowledge also right? uh nothing
as such uh no prerequisite as such we
will be keeping it very accessible
easily understandable to all of you
specifically we are focused like even if
you have no if you don't know what
coding is at all like you don't
generally know what coding is you will
be able to do the same that is what we
are now planning to make our uh like
lessons which we will be going live for
all of you so no coding no problem
>> perfect so this entire session all the
materials will be given in the
description uh link there is a free dash
dashboard course access for you all.
Please go ahead and explore it. And what
we are doing is that every week we'll be
having at least two two sessions I guess
this kind of sessions where we'll be
discussing about some of the use cases.
We'll be completing it. Okay. Uh our
main aim is basically to show you like
how you can use AI efficiently in order
to automate many of the things right. Uh
that will be our plan as we go ahead.
Okay. Uh so here you can see just a
quick question in the era of generative
AI. How do you see the impact of data
engineering to maintain clean and
reliable data? M you can answer this.
>> Yeah. So uh Y data engineering I
personally feel that is going to be one
of the fields which is going to be least
effective because I have worked a lot in
data engineering taken a course as well
and across all the platforms. The way
you will be going to work on data like
you handle the data that is what the
core of data engineering is. So it will
be becoming very accessible but that is
I guess still some place where jobs will
increase like I was reading a report
where in data engineering jobs will
increase and yes it's going to be very
helpful uh if you actually understand
how to manage data because AI is in any
ways going to be get powered by data to
data engineering specifically is going
to be very helpful at all uh like at all
stages.
So uh I think m we can start the
session. Uh so guys without wasting any
time please do make sure to hit like
share with all your friends with this
specific video but the kind of use case
that we are going to develop will be
quite amazing and you'll be seeing that.
So m I think we can start we start with
the agenda what we are going to actually
do and then uh we can go ahead with the
use case.
>> Sure. Sure. Yeah. So let me start with
the same everyone just give me a minute.
Let me just set things up and let me
also know once you're able to see my
screen I will start by sharing my
screen.
It's been heard that market is down. AI
is taking all the jobs. What's your
opinion
guys? Come on. Not seeing right kind of
I guess.
>> Okay.
>> But yeah, it's nothing like that. You
need to get upskilled. That's it.
>> Yeah. Continue please.
>> Cool. So great everyone. So this is the
series which we are starting AI for
everyone where we will be mastering AI
agents and automation something which
have been in very much demand. So we
will be having multiple session using
multiple tools where we will make sure
that we can make you pro in using AI
right so that you understand AI without
any jargon without any issues as such
now let's talk about today's use case
specifically today's use case is going
to be on social media automation
now coming to social media automation
pretty sure that all of you are using
social media like LinkedIn Twitter right
so let me get the icons as as that make
it a little bit better. So yeah, let's
say I can have Twitter here then we have
the LinkedIn. Yes, we have the LinkedIn
as well. Any other we can find here
which might be present. H no. So no
worries. Uh we can have uh other things
as well for sure. So now everyone what
the plan for today's session is that how
can we use our AI to automate content
generation across different different
platforms. Right. So I can surely add
another uh maybe some other button or
some other overall uh like social media
as well right. So you can have YouTube
as well. We have YouTube post. Similarly
we can have any other which you guys are
interested. So maybe I can talk about
that. We can have substax related blogs
which can be created. So all those
things are what we will be seeing that
how can we automate using our AI and
using the workflow and automating
things. So that is what that is where
the idea is going to come everyone and
this is we are going to do now over the
next few weeks we will be taking
multiple classes where I will be walking
all of you through uh these use case
that how you can automate these advanced
use cases yeah medium logs everything
works Instagram as well these advanced
use cases you can use all of them and
you can genuinely have AI integrated
into your everyday workflow so we can
have let's a
uh automated email replying right these
are the kind of use cases the real world
use cases which we are going to automate
with all of you right we will be using
no code tools uh initially and if the
need arises I will also be making you go
towards the code the idea is that at
least you should understand what is it
then implementing or overall executing
them is not of a big problem right so
for the timing today we are going to use
this awesome tool NAN right which I'm
pretty sure many of you must have heard
by It's pretty good. Um kind of a very
plug-and-play kind of a thing. Easy to
use when you understand the things
pretty nicely, right? So that is the
whole idea behind taking and doing this
thing on Nitin. But of course I will be
teaching you in such a way that even if
you have to do the same via code and you
will get the idea that okay where
exactly the design of the or how exactly
the design of the systems are coming in.
So that is going to be the whole idea
right. So yeah that is what we are going
to learn and through this overall series
which we have planned for you which uh
we will be taking and going live at
least two uh two days a week right so
every week we will be going live at
least twice where we will be taking a
multiple usage use cases and then we
will be having them right so this is the
idea with which we will be connecting
every uh I think every week right two
times a day at least and for the next
one or two months and this is going to
be completely
As Krishna sir has mentioned you can go
and download the resources everything
which we will be doing uh we will be
having there okay so that's the whole
idea and we will be making sure that we
tell everyone everything what might be
required what might be not so there we
will of course be uh handling everything
okay so with that let's now move forward
everyone now the very first thing which
I want all of you to do is to head out
to nat.io io. So this is the website
which I'm pinging as well right
now for anyone who doesn't have an idea
like anything any idea about NA10 right
I know that many people might be there I
recently created an awesome resource for
the same as well so I will highly highly
suggest that you go through the same
everything today is going to be free so
you don't have to take any issues right
if I go on YouTube and on my channel uh
then this is the which okay where's the
video one minute I have an upcoming
video and yeah this is the video I was
talking about everyone so we'll highly
suggest that all of you go and check the
same out right let me skip the ad and we
can see the same right so we have these
thing where I have explained everything
though uh today's video as well it will
not be any requisite I will making sure
that you understand each and everything
without any idea as well right great so
let's now start everyone let's continue
and first let's head on to nit.io.
I'm sharing the link with all of you
once again. So you can go through the
same right. So let me share this link
again.
And this uh these sessions are going to
be very much uh direct like we will be
making sure that we study for 1 and a
half, 2 hours, 3 hours whatever time is
required. And the way we are going to go
about this let me tell you that as well
so that all of you do understand. I will
be starting a timer of let's say 20
minutes 20 minutes timer
and then it will be kind of followed by
a 5 minutes break uh 5 minutes not break
5 minutes outs okay because we want that
people properly understand people who
are being with us they properly
understand and they get the best
experience you can already see that all
the things which we are doing the voice
quality the audio video screen
everything we are at the best post uh
best level so I will be starting a timer
via so one minute yeah focus was bad
>> focus session let's say for teaching for
20 minutes and then we will be having
like the 5 minutes for the doubts and
everything so that whoever is properly
focused he will surely love that and yes
we will be having a good uh run in this
way okay so I can just have it on the
separate screen but this is what we'll
run
cool everyone so I hope all of you are
ready I would want that you do write in
the chat so that we I I know that people
are watching they're understanding
though I will be taking the doubts in
the once the timer gets over. Okay. So
this is going to be a philosophy for the
full course. That is the idea. Okay. I
hope each and everyone is clear with
this. Anyone has any doubt?
Did you teach a yes? We do teach
agentic. So these are the kinds of doubt
which I will avoid once I start teaching
in depth. Right. Uh yeah I do teach
agentic AI with respect to agentic AI
autogenui lang chain lang graph adk
agno
all of these frameworks like we have
classes we are going for them right so
yeah for agent is something which I
guess we know as well
let me make the screen bigger as well if
it's possible okay one minute let me
check
uh just a second everyone
Okay. So, yeah, I'm just trying to test
out something.
I hope we can add that. Yeah.
Okay,
cool. I think uh it's added, right?
screen to
circle
ah okay so I should have added great so
everyone I hope you're able to see the
screen properly uh on like me and Chris
are on either of the side right so that
shall be helpful
great so yeah let's uh now start
and today what we are going to do as we
have discussed already we will be
automating the social media game now
this is just two of the icons which we
have created. Now of course you can ask
it to like write Facebook post as well.
Okay. So though we use Facebook a lot
less but surely you can use the same for
Facebook as well. Then we can talk about
Twitter, we can talk about medium. So
the idea there is that we need to
understand the whole process so that we
are able to design a system in a way
that we are using it right in a way that
we are using it and we can then generate
this particular thing by any way we
want. So if you want we can have a
medium blog as well right so totally
totally fine not a problem once you
understand the whole approach that is
going to be something very very helpful.
So I can have the medium uh icon as well
here and I can put it here.
Great. Now as I said the overall
platform which we are going to use here
is going to be nent right that is
something which I have already given you
an idea we know about how to use the
same and since it's a no code easy to
use platform the whole idea is to that
how can we make best use of nitin as our
platform for the AI related stuff so let
me just make it easier to follow great
and in the process we will also be
making sure that we are able to also
have other applications like Google
sheets or let's say any other as well
right whatever we want so I've just keep
kept it very open so that we are able to
make our logic flow right we can
understand that okay how the logic is
flowing and then we can make that call
that okay how exactly or what exactly is
happening that is the whole idea because
I want that you understand in depth how
we automate these things. So that is
something which we are going to have
here everyone. Okay. So now with this
thing clear let's move forward and go to
any here we will be going to get started
and we can create our account everyone
right all of you can use and create your
free account. So any 10 is totally
totally free that should not be a
problem right it is having a caveat
where it is 14-day free trial. Okay but
I think you can create multiple
accounts. So that does keep it in a way
that till the time you are learning it
is going to be free. Okay. Now let's
start and what I will be doing I will be
creating a new account. So let me do uh
may here then I can have one second. So
just a second everyone let me quickly
log into my account.
Meanwhile all of us can do the same as
well right? I can just quickly log into
the account and start with the same.
Just setting up something
Great. So let me add the screen back.
Great everyone. So actually I have
logged into my account now. Empala12 is
the name of the workspace which I'm
using. Right here I can now just open my
instance. You can easily just go and
create your own account as well. So if I
just open an incognito window here,
let's say if this is an incognito window
everyone, then if I just go on nitn.io,
right? This is where you can get
started.
Just enter your name, any email id, then
the password and the account name as
well. So account name is just like how
you can have your uh ID or some uh
overall identifier. You can just add
let's say if my name is my I can add may
123 or something right it should be
unique okay so with respect to that now
let's move forward and let me close this
I am pretty sure that all of you can
easily create an account here that
should not be a problem it is going to
be 14-day free trial right the whole
pricing strategy is written here which
pretty sure all of you have an idea
already but I believe for the project
for the learning time 14 day is more
than enough you can easily create your
new account and you can download your
workflows as JSON. So that should be
helpful as well. Right? So now if I go
back everyone now let me open the
instance and this will open my
workspace. Here you can see that how I
have already created some of the overall
workflows. Now I am also using a trial
account uh trial account so that I face
the same issues as all of you will face
right? so that I am also not using
something which is paid where you don't
have access to that. So I'm in the same
boat as all of you. That's the whole
idea. Now let's move forward and let me
create a workflow. So I can just create
a empty workflow and this is going to be
our canvas where we are going to rock
and where we are going to do our AI
related stuff. Right? So let's jump
back. Uh let me uh close this. So just a
second let me close something as well.
So many things are open because I was
working before this.
Okay.
But I guess we should be good to
continue. That should not be a problem.
Yeah. So let me add the screen back.
Great. So this is going to be our canvas
everyone where we are going to make all
the things work for us. Right. This is
the by default any workflow. Okay. This
is where we will be doing all the things
related to any overall integration which
we want to make. The best thing is that
it supports AI as well from scratch. So
if I go here once I add a trigger then
after that I can just have this AI where
we can have all these different
different agents as well as LLM
providers anthropic, Gemini, OpenAI
which I'm pretty sure all of you also
have an idea about. Right now let's do
one thing. Let me just quickly go and
tell you that how we are going to flow
or how we are going to make go about our
social media automation. Okay. So for
that let me first create social uh one
minute. So this is something you have to
for correct social
media
automation right this is what we are
planning. The idea is if I'm able to
make it for one of the use case then
surely you can expand the same for some
different use case as well. For example,
if let's say I am able to automate
writing LinkedIn related post then you
can go forward and make sure that you
can just tweak your prompt right and
understand and give it some reference so
that it can write Twitter related post
as well. So that is going to be the
whole idea just like how I have LinkedIn
here right. So how just I I will be
doing it for LinkedIn today. You will be
able to then do it for Twitter then for
Facebook. You can also make it write the
blogs everything as well. That is the
whole idea. Right now let's discuss the
system design or diagram of how we are
going to uh make sure that we just go
about the same. Right. The very first
thing which works in this particular
init is something known as trigger. So
we can have a it triggered manually via
some we can have it triggered let's say
let me avoid the same and write it like
this. So we can have it triggered
either say manually right
manually
then if we are interested we can have it
trigger based on some schedule
or if we want we can also schedule we
can also trigger the same based on some
external trigger. So external trigger
right now this external trigger can be
say WhatsApp message even a telegram
message you it can be a slack related
thing it can be a new entry into our
Google sheets right so we can specify
those external triggers now this I will
be discussing with all of you in depth
uh in the future projects as well so for
the timing we will be doing a simple
schedule or a simple trigger uh which is
manual right so that is going to be the
whole idea. Now once this thing is clear
right once that you understand that okay
how we will be triggering for example as
of now I have created a manual trigger
here. So all of you what you can do once
you have the empty canvas if you click
on first add first step you can easily
get the very first one which is trigger
manually right now the good thing you
will see is that as I'm using any as I'm
using any the way I will be explaining
you things here based on my mind the
similar kind of a thing you will be able
to do here just by dragging and dropping
right so that is the whole idea that it
kind of is very good in prototyping
something as of Now I will still say
that though it is very helpful in other
approach as well but with respect to
prototyping it is pretty good that it is
able to quickly bring your ideas to
life. So that is the whole idea that is
why we are using this no code tool.
Okay.
Now next comes something known as where
we will be able to search something. For
the same I will like to have
search
Google maybe right search Google or some
other location
for topics. So the very first thing
which I as a user let me get myself as a
user here. So okay which kind of user am
I? Okay I think I'm this happy one. So I
can get this one right. This is better.
Now let's say if this person this is me
as mayank the way I right now go about
my content is that first I try to
research right first I try to get all
the topics first I do try to get the
research work done then based on that
research I try to move forward and I
generate the ideas right so this is the
flow in which we normally work ideas
then once the ideas are in place once
the ideas are in place then I go forward
forward and make sure that I can create
some two or three content right
and then last is something which we can
post as of now to avoid any overall
issue we just post via post directly
right so it is not based on our
like it we will not be posting it
directly from the editor we will be
posting it manually so I will just say
posting manually so as to avoid any
issues here right so this is the whole
workflow everyone in which I do it as of
now. So pretty short should be clear
because the way you do it in real life
normally that is very helpful. Okay. So
I don't want want that. I just want this
to be green
right works. Yeah. Cool. So this one is
fine as green. Right. And I can just
have my so that this is in a straight
line. Yeah. Cool. So if this is my this
is how I right now go and do all the
things. Now the whole idea or the use
case becomes that how can if see this is
one thing which I always say that if you
want to automate something and there are
many many tutorials which you will see
they will always promise you that hey
you can do this you can do that unless
you understand the use case in real life
the way you will be able to do the same
if you have to do it manually you cannot
automate that it's not that you can
automate something out of thin air you
have to understand the use case very
much in depth so with respect to that
everyone what we will be doing now right
what we will be doing now is that we
will be moving forward and we will make
sure that we just copy this use case and
see where exactly I might be needing AI
if I will be needing AI at all or not so
that is the whole idea with which we
will be moving forward right so now
let's move forward and I think once I
have the topics either I can do it
manually or I can have an AI for that as
well so for the same let me get another
very important thing. So just we will
have two icons, right? We will plug it
in wherever it is required, right? So we
will see that okay where exactly we
might need our brain or where we might
need uh AI as well. Okay. So you will
understand the same once I do the do it
in front of you that will be helpful. So
let me get this AI chip once. So this is
an AI chip.
So anytime I will add an icon this
application will not work nicely.
Something which I have to fix in this.
And similarly what I can have I can have
this another one which is one of my
favorite icon. So this is an agent.
Okay.
Okay. One minute. Where is the agent? I
think we can make our agent a little bit
smaller.
So this is our agent and we have the AI
as well for with us which can do stuff.
Right
now coming back to how we have this flow
and what I would want something I would
like to help you visually understand. I
will have this here.
This is how you do automation. Right? So
this is the manual flow. I will write it
down as well. This is my manual flow.
Manual
flow.
And this is going to be my
automated flow. Okay, automated flow.
Now up till now we have seen that how
can we have a manual trigger. I guess it
is very important that we first set or
how we are going to automate. Once we
have done the same then is where we
should move to edit and then is all the
ref over work or how we should create
our edit. Okay. Now again I think very
important to understand if you do this
properly then Len is just a piece of
cake like that is not where the major
problem will happen right. So with that
if I have done this thing then I think
next part which becomes is something
where how I am going to generate or how
I am going to generate some ideas right
so I will say that content
content ideas or let's say
topics right now what they can do they
can just give me a structured output so
it can just give me a structured output
and I believe here I can use AI. So I
can use AI here, right? AI can be very
nicely used here. For the timing, I will
be doing the manual research, right? So
we can have them out as well. For the
timing, let's not confuse our use case.
We will just add one by one. Okay. So
I'm just going to use a overall AI here
so that we can get right now once I have
the content ideas everything then I
think is somewhere we should be moving
towards and again just one thing I have
as of now considering how this is the
very first project which we are doing
kept it very very easy with respect to
the understanding surely there can be
multiple things there can be like tens
of these boxes we can have human in the
loop we can have different different
ideas but the whole idea Idea is that
the whole understanding is that if you
are able to understand the easy use case
then you will be able to make the
difficult one. So don't make the mistake
of saying that hey I will automate my
whole life will sit and will enjoy. No
that is not going to happen. If you are
able to automate the easy thing first
then you will be able to do the manual
one as well. Right now moving forward
next I think is somewhere where we can
have another box and now I can have some
agent. Right? This time I can have some
agent which can generate things for me.
Right? So if I have this agent now
everyone this particular agent which can
generate my post generate posts right
now as a very good practice to make sure
that I'm able to handle all of them very
nicely. Right? I will be wanting that I
have some database kind of a thing. Now
since this is again a very very uh
initial use case what I will be doing I
will be just using Google sheets as the
one for a database right so Google
sheets will be used as a database let me
add it here and we can just say Google
sheets okay so cool I think this is what
we will be using as DB for the time
being now you can use a SQL DB you can
use a NoSQL DB you could generally use a
complex
uh big data table as well. Not a problem
at all. If you understand what you're
doing, that's not going to be a problem
at all. Okay. So, yeah, with that we are
actually done with our first 20 minutes.
Now, let me just go to and ask your
doubts. I think some people were asking
for my uh social. So, let me just share
that so you can connect with me. Okay.
Yeah, we can use notion as well again.
Uh so, Namine that as I said that's
totally on you what you want to use. Not
a problem at all. So, everyone uh these
are my socials. If you want to connect
with me, okay, I do make content uh at
many places, okay? So, just see the same
and do follow me here. More and more
content is coming. Now, let me see uh
bro Hindi now. Anyway, your audience
also knows Hindi again. Bab, I think
that I speak a very easy to
understandable English. Okay, so should
not be a problem, right?
Hindi is also fine. Hindi maybe. Okay,
let me see please. Where do you get the
icon? Google search. Simple Google
search. Okay, just go to Google, search
for icons. See it uh session is
completed. So let me have a another one
for doubts and it can be for 5 minutes.
5 minutes.
Cool. So yeah, do send your message
quickly everyone. This doubt session is
running for the time being. Let me see.
Uh hey, where do you get the icon? Okay.
Hey, I'm watching your tutorial. It's
amazing. I've been searching for
tutorial and found yours. Yeah, JNK. So
everyone if you're not aware which
tutorial is being taugh talked about
here just go to my YouTube okay so what
I can go I can go to YouTube and go to
my kagaral
and okay not this one okay so I just
also have a video for day after tomorrow
but just see this video 7our videos I
know pretty long took me a lot of time
as well just see this video and you
shall be able to okay I think I sent the
Instagram one by mistake copy this avoid
And this video you can talk about. Okay.
Hello manga. What to automate my
workflow for my fast food. Kazzy again
don't know what exactly fast food is.
You might have to give a little bit more
idea. With automation you will not get
reach as you get manually because social
media platform know if you're posting
manually or using API. So insect wars
again we can man post manually by copy
pasting. Right? So that should not be a
problem. If you're using docker make
sure that you have volume in your
container. So Naven I already have
created a video where I have talked
about how you can uh have these things
right. So one minute if we go forward.
Yeah. So how you can host N10 in under 3
minutes. It can be on docker. It can be
via this trial as well or on some server
as well. So everything you will find
there. Yeah. So your workflow will not
get deleted after 14-day trial. I mean I
think they give you an extension of some
uh okay some seven or 14 days more. So
yes you should be able to like avoid
getting your workflow deleted. But what
you can do you can just save and
download it from here right you can just
easily save. Okay so you can just easily
save and download it from here. Download
simply you can just save that. Okay
thank you such a great m thank you. Okay
my question would be if you can make
calls video on iOS app using the edit
inflow. Sure um I can dis uh discuss
that. This is my email. If you would
like to have some use case which might
be very helpful for all of you just mail
me up and I will see the same. Okay.
Does any focuses mainly on social media?
No. It's totally on you how you do that.
Okay. Use docker. Uh again naven and
everyone I think using docker for the
very first time when you're using nitin
not the best way of doing it. There are
some issues as well. So we will avoid
that. Okay.
Okay. Let me see. Yeah I think these are
all the doubts. uh just you can ask the
same if anything else is there. Now let
me see uh what are the doubts after we
started this chat session. Let me see
can we use any on local server mean 5 6
7 minute. Yes exactly what's so this is
where if you have no idea just go and
see this video how to host edit in under
3 minutes. I have told you that how you
can do on docker right very very easy
steps you will not face any problem.
Okay
great. Uh what skill we will be learning
here? AI. The skill which is in most
demand. Sir, how do mathematics mean in
data sciences field? Uh kush you will be
knowing you will be requiring to know a
little bit in depth about mathematics if
you are entering the data science or AI
fields right especially when you are
learning in depth. So yeah
here what is represented by AI? Is it
LLM? Yeah, majorly when I when I have
drawn AI here it means LLM for the time
being. Okay.
without no code tool like n using lang
chain lm python can we achieve the same?
Yes of course kashina. So in the back
end some code is only getting written
right. See code is the ultimate way.
Code is like the truth. Okay. So I can
do one thing. I can make myself bigger
and one minute. Let me change this.
Yeah. Cool. So code is the ultimate
truth. Right. After that you can use
some like in the end some someone has
just made it easier for you that is all.
Okay. Okay. I rejected to see into
campus placement. Okay. How is unfair
with my face paral? Okay. Because if it
is written that you need attendance then
you need attendance. So yeah CJ pays 8.5
doesn't matter 60% attendance rules
sometime happens. Okay. Uh my great to
love watch. Thank you. Okay. Kush I
think your doubt is solved. Just working
on UI for the app to automate SM and
then this great timing. Thank you. How
blockchain can be integrated into AI? If
you understand blockchain in depth then
I think it should not be difficult at
all. Blockchain normally is a easy
concept to understand not very much
difficult to implement. Okay.
Using BRF for view for admin panel for
maker checker for posting it. Again sort
of we can make it as complex as we want.
For the timing I'm keeping it easy.
Okay.
Can we do mobile and web mobile web and
mobile app apps in uh are you asking
about creating them explorer AJ or are
you asking about integrating them? If
integration then yes you can do that.
Creating I don't guess you can create
that. It is for creating these workflows
not for apps.
What is the prerequisite to learn your
latest rack course in UDI? I think
you're talking about the latest rack
course which we have made live on Udemy.
Uh basic uh if you know about LLM etc it
should be pretty good. Okay. So I see
that our doubt has ended. Let me quickly
go through the same.
Uh I'm making I am working on making my
N server my own what I require. I didn't
get it. You will have to explain a
little bit like what exactly the server
are you trying to host it locally? I try
to fork n because it's open source and
do something extra. Yeah
sir is this a course or a single video.
So summit this is going to be a course
like every week uh we will be meeting
and we will be doing some use cases.
Okay
is using lang chain as a back end sir
right? Uh I don't guess how that's the
case. I don't know I will have to go
through that but I don't guess it's
using lang chain like it's not just
using lang chain it will be using other
things as well. Okay. Yeah, lang flow
also you can do. You can do in make as
well. That should not be a problem.
Moido,
what is it that you're drawing manually
while teaching Excaliraw?
Uh, latest rack course not showing in
Udemy business chitra punjan because
Udemy business it takes time. The best
of the courses get listed in UDMI. Uh,
so yeah
road map to learn AI as a fresher or
beginner. I will be creating a video on
that. Okay. So do go to my channel and
yeah that should be pretty fine. Okay,
just sharing the channel again and go to
my channel. I will be shortly making a
video on that.
Okay,
is this video recorded? You will be
uploading YouTube. It is a live session
uh zinc. So, please go through the same
and yes we can see the same afterwards I
guess but you will be able to download
all the resources on some other platform
plus I guess videos will also be
uploaded there only. So, we will discuss
we will just share that. Okay,
cool. Seems like we are back. Now let me
move forward and let's continue. Few
more things for your information
everyone. So
I would just quickly share the same
right.
First thing we will be going live. So
let me just try to write it down. Okay.
Yeah. So I can write it here. We will be
going live on 15th
August. that is tomorrow at 8:00 p.m.
for FAQs or Q&A right so basically you
can ask anything uh we I will be
scheduling that in some time so yeah do
render the same it will be on the same
questioners and meet my channel and then
we can surely ask and enter your doubts
right along with that uh this is a
series of videos for a free course AI
for everyone which you can check out
like I we will add the same in the link
in the description. I think you will
already be able to see the same in the
description. We will add that link right
and one very important thing so let me
just avoid that and let me just paste
it. We are also bringing another course
everyone ji for professionals and
leaders boot camp. Now again this is
also where we will be doing each and
everything from scratch. So if you will
go through the slavers this detailed
course slavers
the whole idea of this is for
professionals majorly right even if you
are in college this is going to be fine
the idea is this one okay so see this is
the whole idea of this course if you
ever wanted to learn AI without diving
into complex code and instead
confidently apply to transform work
career or business no matter if you are
in college if you are in job if you at a
higher level as well we will be teaching
you these things so if you have no idea
about okay what is AI what are agents
what is rag what are tokens okay what
are these different different LLM
providers all these things we will be
explaining you in this course so I'm
sharing the link of this as well okay
and yeah do enroll in the same everyone
if you like so that is going to be very
helpful okay it's going to be a live
course we will be going live every
Saturday Sunday at 8:00 p.m. This is the
timings right. So just go through the
slay bus as well. I'm sharing the slay
bus as well and surely you can go
through the same and it will be helpful.
Okay. So what is the difference between
live and Udemy? Uh Udemy I think live is
a way better in terms of how we teach.
Uh you have the live interaction
everything. Udemy we try to make it
available for people who are not able to
let's say enroll in life on majorly we
try to provide it but uh yeah live we
teach a lot more extra things making
sure that you understand the doubt with
proper support interview experiences
idea everything yeah
great so let me close this and let's now
continue everyone
so what I will be doing I will be
starting the timer again timer focus
no not doubt this time each for 20
minutes.
Let me have it here. Okay,
great. So now let's move forward and we
have seen already that how can we do
these things where we can generate the
idea generate post. Here we will be
using an agent. So now let's move
forward and this time let's now go and
do this thing in real world. Okay. So
now let's go to any and do these things
one by one. So for the very first thing
everyone what I will be doing pay
attention
I can have plus this icon. So pay on
this I can just click this plus once I
click this plus and here there are so
many applications. If you see we have
all these applications which pretty sure
you must have seen on the homepage as
well. We have an idea about this as
well. Then here in this application I
will be selecting about doc Google docs
right and I can just do a get a
document. Okay so pay attention now we
have just linked a document here. Okay
the idea is that I will be saving all
these uh search Google or location like
any other location I will be saving this
I could have used any API here as well
but don't want to make it very much
complex. I just want to make sure that I
can save all my research here and then I
can move forward with the same. Okay. So
that my post can be created. Okay. Now
once I have done the same everyone pay a
lot of attention. I can have content
ideas or topics. So for this I will be
using I will be using your AI now
because if you see we have this small AI
button this cute small AI button which I
will be referring to. Now for this I
will be clicking this plus sign and I
will be going on AI. For the AI I will
be using the favorite one. So my
favorite has been open AI due to some or
the other reason. So I will be using
this open AI and I will just message a
model. Okay. I will just message a
model. Now you will be getting free
credits from NAN only. If you will go
here you will see a small popup here
because of which you can get free
credits. So no need to go and like have
your own key as a timing as well and it
is being pretty nicely with like pretty
nicely integrated and it provides you
this open AI fee credits and I am using
the same so that none of us face the
problem where we should have the key etc
at least for the prototyping or for the
learning phase okay
so resource is going to be text we can
see the same then we can have this
content or document ID we will see how
we will connect that don't worry
We we can select the model. Let's see
what all models are present. I can
select for mini should be fine.
Then I can just have some prompt as a
user. And I think yeah that is more or
less what we get when we have a model
here. So we can easily just create a
model which is going to give us all of
our overall
ideas. So I can just press press the
space and I could just say generate
topic or ideas right now let me first
now go and create do one thing let me
create a new docs docs dot new okay so
it has created a new doc let's say here
I am just saying that okay content idea
or content research right so if I go
back to my diagram First I will be doing
the content research. It can be again on
Google or any other platform. Content
research is a better word. Content
research. Let me make it in red. Uh the
word on red also works. We can have this
in red. Now say I go to Google and let
me search about any new topic which is
very famous. So let's go on tech news
maybe and let's go on news. Let's see.
Okay. Why is tech always phones? Phone
tech is way more than phones. Okay. So,
Apple plans to release AI powered smart
home devices. Seems like Apple is kind
of doing a lots of things in this,
right? I will just go on chatgpd.com.
Paste this. do research on this and
provide me with the
summary from different sources. Right?
Let me paste this
and hopefully again it will search the
web. This is also some AI. It is showing
you that okay how it has done all these
things. I think it is using J. Now it is
using JP5. So seems like a little bit
better. Now what I can do I can just
copy paste all of these things for the
time being.
So till here and I can add it to my
document. Okay great. So I have added
the same onto my document everyone as
you can see right. So simple approach
nothing else done the research. I can
just quickly say that hey I have done my
research I am all ready. So let me just
mark it as
right
and we have used some wild card entry
here. We have not talked about the same
but seems like we have used Google doc
here for the time being. Now again
totally on you if you want to use notion
any other application I don't guess that
makes a lot of difference as long as
you're able to provide the same frankly
if you want you can just have a letter
written anyways in your blood via some
ink AI doesn't care as long as it is
getting the information okay so let me
zoom in yeah and we have this via the
Google uh doc now I have created this
documentation this is from my email id
mail to
So you can reach out to me here as well.
I have many email ids but AI with my ink
is better. Okay, if you have any doubts
whatsoever. Now let me go to our NAN and
let me connect my document. So I want to
make sure that this particular document
it is able to connect to the one which I
have created. So for the same what I
will be doing, let me go back right and
now let me click on this button.
Once I click on this button, it is
asking me in a very easy to understand
way that hey can you please give me the
credential with which I can connect. So
I can just do select a new create new
credentials and we can do o
authorization o2. This is again the
easiest way right we can follow. Uh let
me just check okay it will be requiring
some things maybe then we will have to
move some other way.
Uh okay because I think this is not the
case in uh okay so we will we will use
some other one. No worries we will use
some other one. Close back to canvas. So
again it will be just requiring some uh
this client ID and secret which you will
have to get like this is all the details
which is written here. Okay, I thought
that it will be direct but I think for
these one. Okay, for the following nodes
you you can authenticate by signing with
Google, right? But seems like here we
need to have the Google cloud account.
So something which I would like to avoid
right here what I would like to do then
I would just like to see some other uh
application. Okay. So let me see what
all other are supported. So we will not
be using Google documentation. go sorry
Google doc right because it requires a
Google cloud account something which I
would like to avoid. So if I show you
just to show you if we would have used
Google sheets it can directly just uh
one minute yeah so what it can do we can
just directly log into this we can just
directly do sign in with Google and can
get authenticated something which seems
like uh this is not supporting right
something which it is not supporting
like I could easily tell you how to do
the same but I think we it's better if
you use some other one okay so let me do
one thing let me delete this delete this
and let's see which other application we
can use. So see the action in the app.
Let me just go here.
Yeah. So I know one of them which we can
use. I can use Google task. Okay. And I
can say get a task, right? So let's go
back. Let's connect this. For people who
are not aware Google task, let me show
you what it is. Pretty nice app. Let's
go on Google. Google tasks. And the
reason I'm again using Google related
apps because they are very easy to
understand being our very first project.
the way we will be doing this I can get
rid of them should be fine
and let's say I just now create a new
task right this is my AI news and in the
details so in this only I can add the
details in the details I will just paste
everything from here copy sorry copy
everything from here and I can just
paste it right so these are all the
details which are very nicely now
supported I can just
and double click yeah so I can see all
the details here right I can see all
these details I don't want to do
anything else as well so let's go back
to any and let me do one more thing okay
let me do one more quick thing
so that all of you don't get this messed
up let me just quickly delete this and
get the Google task one so this is the
one which we are using now okay and I
think it makes a lot of sense we can
just create a new task and we can just
have the full workflow work for the same
so we can create a trigger on that as
well. Okay. So, it should not be a
problem. Now, uh since we have created
the task, let me just delete this one.
Should be fine. Let me delete all task.
That's good. And let's now go back,
right? Let's now go back. Now, once I am
at my NA, I can just connect first. I
will have to make sure that I connect my
NAN. Okay? So, this connection is very
important to be made. Pay attention.
See the connection which I'm talking
about. This is the connection. So let me
make it smaller. Let me make it like
this. This connection needs to be made
here everyone that task and any they can
connect with each other. Okay. So task
and any they can connect. Now for that
what I will be doing? I will be just
doing a Google task account. Let me just
uh create a new credentials. I can sign
in with Google and I can just select
mail to Kagarval the email ID which I'm
using and I can continue. Okay.
So now with this what we can do pay
attention once we have connected this we
can just easily do a get ID right and
here I could just provide this
particular task is there right let me
see uh what are the different things 1
minute
let us go back
and we can say get many right so we can
just have get many now you can see that
how we have the my task list here let me
refresh refresh the same as well. First
let me get my task and I can just
execute this and see I'm able to get my
task right this was the task which I
created because this connection has been
made with any tenant task right I could
easily access and get this thing title
is a news you can just maybe for the
timing avoid all these things which are
written here right uh but the notes are
something which I can use as well right
so yeah I think this is something which
we can easily easily use everyone this
can be a research we can see the same in
JSON or tabular manner as well right so
we can see the same in JSON where all of
the details are coming right now once I
have done this let me join this thing
and now let me do one thing I have the
AI now I have this content ideas or
topics now where I will be now making
sure that I can generate the ideas for
this resource is going to be text
operation ation is messenger model is
GPT4 mini. So these things are very very
important very much how like you select
things here how I can have the model
selected GPD 5 or any other word right I
think I'm logged in but shall be great
now let's write a prompt for this what I
will be doing pay attention I will be
writing hi can you please generate the
LinkedIn
post ideas so let me make it three
LinkedIn post ideas
based on the below research.
Now when I do this below research, I can
just grab this notes and copy this here.
See everything came here. So all of the
things which I wanted, they are here
now. Right? So this is now dynamic in
nature. Tomorrow when this changes in my
task, I can just easily get the same.
Right? Okay. So that's all. That's
pretty good. Make sure that you also
provide the reference
reference of how or what exactly
is needed. Okay. To write the post to
write the post
output
three ideas like below. Okay. So it
should be
topic
then it should be research
and I can just say topic one research
one
topic
two research
two and I can say topic two research two
research three sorry. So yes I think
that is very helpful. We can see that
okay how exactly this is coming out
here. Now of course we can make it a lot
better in terms of how we are giving it
the input but I believe that is very
easy to do. Now I can just stop it uh
and I can just try to simplify output
and output content as JSON. Let me just
execute the steps and let's see what it
is doing. Okay. So let it execute and we
should be able to see the output in the
way we have given it. So let's see.
Great. Seems like it is giving us the
output. So sure, here are the things.
Now it is giving uh let me copy this and
I can make it a little bit easier for
you to read. So let me copy all of this
and just paste it in chat GPD.
Can you make above easy to read? And
let's see what it has given.
Okay. See
future of smart homes. Apple vision.
Apple is stepping up its game all these
things and it is giving us these things.
Now pay attention it is the same thing
which is written here future of smart
homes Apple AI vision Apple is taking
significant leap into the this this then
second I believe will be this key to
Apple's home uh Siri 2.0 key to Apple's
home ecosystem right I hope you're able
to easily understand exactly how it is
happening see Siri 2.0
And then last is robot from your home
Apple's next big idea. So seems like I
am able to generate these ideas right
now. I have three ideas for my LinkedIn
post easily. I could make sure that I
can write post on that. Now ideally in
future classes and in future videos we
will be seeing that how can we make it
how can I make it a lot better? How can
I connect it to let's say notion or how
can I even have an API which does this
for me. So I just have to maybe provide
some AI news as an input and everything
AI will be doing for me. But since this
is the very first project which you are
doing I believe it should be very easy
to understand. So that is the whole idea
everyone. Okay. So this is the approach
which we will be following and of course
we can have it connected to multiple
different different other uh let's say
tools as well. But again since this is
the first project let's keep it a lot
easy. And I believe this is where this
flow the way we have seen the manual
flow and tried to make it in AI and as
of now though we have done it till here
I think this is very much helpful right
so we here we have done it we will see
the generate post part but for the time
being I think uh let me just get back
and see that what are doubts which you
are having so let's see this
send the Google doc uh okay I can send
the Google doc but uh I believe that was
anyway See share okay I'm sharing the
link let me know if you can see this
directly or else I will make it
accessible to all okay cool great so
everyone are you able to follow till now
I will ask the doubt but are you able to
follow till now quickly tell me in the
chat
do show some thumbs up thumbs down love
on the chat anything
Okay.
Then we will continue.
Yes. And it is free only local. If you
want to host cloud, it's paid. So yeah,
that is always the case. No, there just
many. So should be fine. Let me take the
doubts. Meanwhile, let me know in the
chat. Meanwhile, how are you liking the
session? Now again, being the very first
session, we have kept it very easy. As
we keep on moving forward, it will be
becoming a lot difficult and you will be
able to make end to end agents by the
end of this free course, free sessions.
Okay. So that is the whole idea here.
direct chat
generate LinkedIn post for the topic but
sumit again uh we can automate this
thing uh in future I will be expanding
this overall workflow
uh you will not be going to go to chat
GP again and again we can easily just
have this thing handled so that is where
the idea is okay so let me give the
access to each and every one of you
anyone with the link okay I I think
anyone can see this now it's a simple
copy paste nothing I've done okay so yes
summit what I was saying is the idea
here is to make sure automation for that
again the very first workflow I cannot
make it very difficult
when I make it more complex and in
future when I come up with the 2.0 O
version of this it will be in multiple
steps right it will be able to do it for
all of the frames all of the social
media as well so that is where it will
be helpful okay
uh wildlife again I really want to clear
it like do it pretty quickly I think I'm
doing it very slow when I'm doing it so
if you're focusing and you are able to
understand it just try to do it padily
if I wait while I'm teaching then it
will be a very long session and I'm not
sure till how long I've been teaching
Okay, it has been already an hour. So,
yeah, I think pretty good hopefully.
Okay.
Uh, Zingzang, I've given the access.
Please see the same. Okay. I've given
the excess shall be helpful.
Okay. So, let me ask that out.
Most people do use LinkedIn for all
creativity. club again the idea is that
it can give you some ideas and you can
work on that. So I'm not saying to
automate maybe posting as well. I will
not be posting it uh automatically. I
will be posting we will be posting it
manually only. Okay. So the idea comes
here that we are not asking you to uh do
any compromise on the credibility. Just
use AI as a helper not as a doer maybe.
So that is helpful as well. If you don't
want to do that okay
sir I want to start with geni I know
HTML all the teaches. Yes, Zel tracks
you can see my channel. We have content
on AI. Okay.
Please can this be implemented in
Python? Yes, this can easily be
integrated with Python. Though it is
very easy here because in Python you
will have to do this thing, right? Sir,
coding needed to is to make an A agent.
No AJ, that is the whole idea. Coding is
not needed. Okay.
Can we make an AI agent that will create
Tik Tok video and post it on Tik Tok
platform? Yes, you can easily do that.
Should not be a problem. If you want I
can also create a in the coming days
what I will do is I will create a agent
which creates creates video for you.
Okay. Though it will be paid like you
will be needing some key which will be
paid. I will find the cheapest one and
then we will see the same in action.
Okay. I hope that is helpful.
Sorry. Can we use Grock for this? I
think uh Grock is not supported out of
the Oh, let me check it. We can use open
router which is a free one but again
anyway it provides this thing. Grock
chat model is also there so it should be
fine. Not a problem. Okay, we can use
Grock as well. I'm just not use grock. I
like open auto mode. So different
between zap ply and it make more or less
they are all the same just for using it
nothing else. Okay. So say something
about web connection with nan again
cannot make it the difficult one in the
very starting I have to make sure that
you understand these things. Okay let me
see the previous one for videos you can
use agent. Yes we can use agent that
should not be a problem. Okay,
similar products to NAN uh para there
are projects like make lang flow zapier
all of these are the one which you can
use okay
I came now only what's the context so
you see this diagram we are able to
trying to just create a very first agent
this is the very first class of our AI
for everyone uh series where we are
planning to teach you how you can make
these things right in a very easy to
understand way without any coding. First
you understand these things. So first
I'm teaching about automation and how
you can integrate AI into that. So
that's the whole idea
okay
cool. So let's now move forward
everyone. I think I've answered most of
the doubts. If anything is there then
let me know.
Most of the courses are directed towards
using common popular AI but none of
these tools are used in enterprise
level. Are you planning to include these
tools? uh I think you have not checked
out our courses like for example I have
a course on autogen on Udemy where we
have taught about things which are used
directly in uh enterprise level right so
yes that is going to be very helpful
should not be a problem right we teach
at all levels like if you want to
understand let's say at a level of
proper complexity
or let's say at a level of easy to
understand way so for non- tech
companies or tech companies both of them
should be helpful Okay.
So I think uh most of the doubt related
to what I'm teaching are done. Uh for
career related doubt as I said we have a
Q&A tomorrow and yes everyone. So as I
shared before we also are coming up with
the course. Let me just share it again
with all of you. So we kind of this is
also where we will be teaching not just
Nin workflows or any no code tools. We
will be teaching about many things in
depth. So just check out the syllabus
and you can reach out to our team if you
want to enroll. Here we will be teaching
you about geni fundamentals all these
mastery then no code automation advanced
techniques how you can use rag etc. But
you understand rag etc as well. So that
is something which you will be doing
here right. So let me close this and I
can just share this link all with all of
you.
The idea is here we want to make sure
that if even if you are from any field
right no matter tech non tech you
understand AI in depth. So with that
let's now continue. I think five minutes
have been done. Now we can continue and
let's move forward. So let me just have
I'm pretty sure that all of you will be
able to easily follow. I have been
following a very easy to understand way.
Right now let's move forward and do the
part where we will be generating the
post using an AI agent. So for the time
being we have done the part where we
have done the content research. As of
now I have not used any API here. I will
be using an API here in future. Right.
So just a minute everyone. Just give me
a second.
Just one minute. Okay.
So let me now tell. Okay. Great. So I
think it should be up. Great. So as of
now we have again not uh used any API
here. In future projects we will be
using API. We have just made sure that
we have generated the content ideas. Now
this is a very very easy automation
which I believe everyone doesn't matter
if the person is even in school. If a
person is let's say even in a non- tech
company he doesn't even know what a code
is he will be able to understand and
that is the whole idea in the very first
class. Now let's move forward and let's
see that since we have generated the
ideas how can we make them how can we
make them right added or updated in our
row. So for the same what I will be
doing pay attention okay I will be going
to Google and do a sheets dot blue. So
I'm creating a new sheet here everyone.
I am saying here let's say content
ideas.
Now I have let's say here um
let's say I can write here what is the
topic okay reference and I can just
let's say have the post here. I can just
have the post here. Now pay a lot of
attention what I will be doing. I will
be going back and now I want to connect.
Now I want to connect this sheet which I
have created. So now we are using this
Google sheet which I will be creating
which I will be connecting right with my
this content ideas. So I can update my
ideas here. That is the whole idea that
I can update my ideas here. Right? So
let me just connect this here. Now
credentials I can create a new
credential. Simple oath login will work
just how you do it on any website. So
let me do and sign in with Google. I can
just select my email id. The main one
where I have created this thing. Select
all. Now I will highly highly suggest to
use your email ID. Throw away email ID.
Not your primary one. That will be very
helpful. Let me close this. Not this.
Let me close it. It has been done. Now I
have to just select the document. So if
I just search here, you will find many
of them. But I think content ideas is
the one which we want. Now we can also
verify the same using this thing using
this ID. Okay. So I think it is 15 FY
VC. If I go back go to the expression 15
FY VC is written. Okay. So that I think
is pretty fine. Should not be a problem.
I can just close it again. Go to fixed
and do it by from list
content ideas. Okay. So I am just now
connected to my sheet. In this if I see
the very first one which is my sheet one
is the one which I want to connect to.
So I can just select
sheet one here and you can see that how
again all of this is happening right but
now the problem arises either I need to
get so pay a lot of attention here what
exactly is the problem okay
either I need to get this content in a
easy to understand manner right either I
need to make sure that okay this
particular thing I'm able to drag and
drop something to make it here or I can
ask AI to do this for me Okay, I will
repeat it again. What is the problem? If
you want to map out this
topic, right, map out this topic, then
it's a problem, right? Then it's a
problem because you cannot just easily
get out this topic, then get the
reference. All of these things I will
not be able to do easily. So for the
same what I will or I can do is
something where
I can connect it to an AI. So people are
asking now that sir we can do it
manually as well. Well you can do it
manually but let's say tomorrow what if
you want hundreds of these ideas you
will not be doing it manually where you
copy paste these things and this is
where I guess automation and AI are
useful. Now let's go back and quickly
just go uh get out of this and pay
attention. Okay. So I'm going to now add
an agent. Let me delete this. I am going
to add an agent here.
So I have just added an agent here.
Everyone pay attention. Now for people
who are not aware what an agent is.
Where is the icon? Yeah. So agent is for
me something which I like to say a lot.
If anyone has previously learned from
me, he will know that for me agent is
just a digital human. Everyone. So agent
is just a digital human. Right? Now what
do we mean by this digital human? Well,
the whole idea becomes that whatever a
human which is let's say me as a person
can work then this digital human can
also do the same thing right if I have
the brain I can provide it with a brain
so it can have a brain which is normally
an LLM
we can give it some instruction just
like I can get some instructions
right I think the spelling is wrong let
me make it right instruction and I can
also give it some tools so just like I
can use a calculator I can use any of
these things. This can also use a some
tools, right? So as an example for me,
this Google sheet is a tool, right? This
is what a tool is for me. Google sheets.
So now what I will be doing, I will be
using this sheet as a tool. So pay
attention. See, this is what I'm giving
you as a tool and I can connect it. One
minute. Let me delete this. Let me add a
tool like this. So again, this was a
simple node. Tool node is different. So
let me go to this to a sheet and I can
do Google sheets. Okay.
Now I can say tool description can be
set automatically resources all
operation. I want to do update or append
a row. I can let's say append a row in a
sheet. Right? This is what I can do.
Append a new row or uh update an
existing one which is upsert insert plus
update. I want to just do an append row.
Okay. I can select my content ideas one.
I can select my sheet one. And
now I see all the topics. Right? Now I
see all the topics. Now I can have this
topic. I can Okay. So I will just tell
you what this button is. Everyone pay
attention.
Now still there is an issue. Still there
is an issue where I cannot easily drag
and drop things. Right. So I will be
using AI here where I will ask my AI
that hey you automatically select like
see let model define this parameter
because my agent I am saying that okay
this agent is smart it is having a
brain. If I am having a brain my brain
tells me that I can copy this is the
topic I can copy this and I can paste it
here and I can paste it here. Similarly,
in a very very similar sense, I am just
saying that okay, as an AI, as an AI,
you use your brain and tell me what the
topic should be. So, I can just make it
set done by this particular AI. Okay. I
can also ask that hey, you can have this
post as well. Okay. So, you can have
this post as well which can be updated
here directly. Now, once I have created
C this AI agent, it is having a tool as
well.
Now if you want you can have memory
provided to our agent as well though we
will not be needing this here. Now let
me provide a chat model. So chat model
can be simple again open AI1. Let's see
that one.
So let us have where is the open router?
Okay chat model free credits one I am
using 4.1 mini that should not be a
problem. Okay. Now you will see some
other models as well because agent is a
little better right? It can have the
listening capabilities because it's a
digital human. It can have the text to
speech TTS whisper deli for images and
vision that is the idea and I can just
now just like I can give an instruction
to a human being I can give an
instruction to an agent as well. So I've
given the brain I given the tool now
let's talk about instructions okay for
the instruction I will add and just have
1 minute so frequency pattern
response format okay let's see this 4.0
O model 40 mini maybe
maximum number of token response format
is something which I can add settings
notes that should not be a problem
any free credits okay
for mini okay let me just check what are
the other one response format
and okay that is fine yeah so I've given
it the brain okay uh sorry my I just got
a little confused chat model I've given
it the brain in the agent I can provide
it with the instructions So see I can
just provide it with the system message
which are going to be my instruction.
Okay. So pay attention. This is where I
can just have my instructions everyone.
Now let's see what are the instruction
which I'm going to do. I will first
click on this expression expression and
I will make it bigger. So now you are a
helpful assistant who helps to generate
the LinkedIn posts for the user.
You will be given
the content
which will have three post ideas
and reference
and reference as below. So again I can
just drag and drop this. See all the
content is here.
Now I can say here make sure that you
update
the same on Google sheet tool provided
to you
which has three
columns. What are the columns? Let's see
the same everyone. What are the
different different columns? Now coming
to columns I have the topic, reference
and post. So I can copy this and just
paste it here. Topic reference and post.
Okay. Post should be concise
with a good hook
and hashtags in the bottom. So yes, I'm
just giving it a very simple
instructions. The whole benefit is that
though chat GP could have done this, I
would have to do this things manually.
Right now when I close this, everyone
pay attention. uh prompt or user message
we can give here as well. So what I can
do for the prompt, let me pay just copy
this here. Content add here or I could
actually just change it to define below
and
I could have just pasted all of this
here. Okay, so this is the user message
and let me delete this system message.
I'm deleting this is the user message
which is having the reference to this
task. Okay,
now we don't need a fallback model. If
you need you can have another brain,
right? So that if one model fails, it
goes to another model. And yes, I think
this is more than what we need. It is
going to have a tool. It is going to
have this open a chat model. And now
when I do this, pay attention. Let me
run this. Let's see the same once I run
it. Okay. So it is executing. See it is
working the brain. Hopefully it will try
to get to this tool as well. It will try
to use this tool as well if the AI model
is capable. Right? So see it is using
this tool everyone right it is just
generating like an how an agent will
work now it is going back I see trying
right three here hopefully hopefully it
will be doing something for me let's see
what it does in the end
and again it's a simple approach because
this is the first time I'm doing it now
pay attention
it has created the very first one post
so if I have to see this pay attention I
can just select all of this row
I can just wrap the text. Now you have
to run this in a loop which I will tell
you how to do that. Should not be a
problem. This is the reference which it
must have gotten. And if I copy this, if
I copy this, go to chat GPT, paste it.
Can you show above in easy to you read
manner?
Okay. So pay attention. Of course,
here's your LinkedIn post. So it is
understood LinkedIn post. Meet your new
companion. Apple is working on a
tabletop robot expected in 2027. It not
just a smart it not it's not just smart
it's a fun tool feature include video
conferencing interactive animation is
designed that alive and engaging this
could transform how we use technology at
home making it more personal etc and
then it's giving me these hashtags
again for the very first topic it has
done the same these are the one appi
vision and I think it has took up this
tool one so the thing is that why it has
done this because if you will go on edit
it you will see that how
it just
uh append a row it's append row not
append rows okay so we could do the same
we have a simple simple thing here we
can have a loop one which you can try
out uh so if I show you this loop we can
have loop over items so it can work on
multiple things or we can ask our ideas
to be generated in a JSON we can get
output as a JSON and they will be
generated as a JSON so that is the whole
idea Yeah right now again a simple
workflow which we have done which is
going to generate our thing. Now what I
want for all of you as homework is that
you see that okay how can we do this
thing in a multi like we can have these
three things updated right I will give
you a very basic idea how you can do
that if you are able to generate a JSON
right which is having three three things
here let's say first first then second
and then third it will be able to work
on the same and give you the output so
that is all what we have to do everyone
and that is going to be very very
helpful for each and every one of you.
Right? So with that uh the very first
class and again I know that many of you
will be thinking that this is easy. Well
yes because it was the very first class
for our uh AI for everyone right. We
will be making it more complex but I
want to take everyone with me. I want to
make sure that everyone understand these
things and for the same we have
specifically made sure that this first
project it is very easy so all of you
can quickly get up to the length. Now
tomorrow we will be having a Q&A and
post that we will also be having a
overall multiple classes where I will be
building upon these things. Okay. So
they are very very important. I could
have made this workflow very very
difficult to follow but I have
specifically made sure that it is very
easy for the time being. By the end of
this free course only you will see that
how we can create uh like post or
content which is having videos. we can
create and post them directly as well.
So just as to show you we can have a
LinkedIn here as well. So we have
LinkedIn as well. Okay. And we can
create a post right. So we can connect
to LinkedIn here. Standard we can
connect to the account right. Then we
can post it as well. Something which I
normally try to avoid because as someone
said that we have to first go through
the uh what is written. we will see the
human in the loop concept as well that
it wastes waits for your overall
approval and this is where we are going
to build on this. Okay. So cool. Yeah,
with that everyone I hope you have
understood this in proper depth. Make
sure that you save your workflow and you
will be able to see what we uh give like
as I told in the starting you will be
able to download all the things from the
official link which we will be giving in
the description of the video. Okay. So
with that uh you can ask your doubts and
if all is good just tell me how you like
the session and we will be building upon
the session. So do make sure that you
continuously attend the session every
week. Okay
great. So let me uh you can ask it out
everyone uh that should be helpful.
Okay.
AI tutorials uh Creo AI uh is this video
available on your YouTube channel? Not
as of now. Shabbaz, can you please bring
a QA to do it? Okay, we'll work on that.
Should be fine. What is the difference
between system prompt and user prompt?
Bhaves, I will discuss the same in the
next video. Okay. So, when we will do
that, I will first then maybe explain a
little bit about edit in depth and have
the AI related things here. Okay. Can
you create with specific length for the
content topics? Yes, Parasi. So, you can
connect that easily. What you can do?
Pay attention. I will be showing you
something. So what I can do just let me
make myself smaller here.
Okay. And I will be showing you how you
can use this awesome tool air table.
Okay. So we will use air table where you
will be able to better handle your
content like it is a little bit better
than Google sheets in terms of how you
manage content and yeah we there we will
see that how you can use and make sure
that for different different content. So
it fills up like this. Okay. So I will
be integrating that into our edited
workflow. Okay. So, let's go back.
Let me see. Let me stop the share as
well. Okay. Not leave. Share the screen.
Stop. And now, let me take the notes.
Okay.
One minute.
Great.
Uh, okay. Please bring back five plus
hours video transformers. Okay. Uh, sir,
I faced lots of problem to sign up for
Google tools. Uh, M. I hope. Uh sir oath
is not working on local or self hosted
nitin. Yes pav. So you will have to fix
that up. I highly suggest to use the
nitin cloud the one which en normally
gives you. Okay.
Yes. If you do the same thing via python
salt tax then it will be little bit
difficult. And everyone please make sure
that you also again like and share the
video with everyone. Okay. And do
subscribe to the channels as well. And
of course uh we will be bringing more
and more content like this. So it is
helpful to all of you. I think you have
mine anchor sir social. So please make
sure that you reach out there. Sir can
you how to use APIs for GPTOs 20B? Uh
san I will share the same maybe in one
of the project where we will see how we
can access local uh API local uh let's
say LLM as well. Okay. So go GPTOSS
shall also be helpful there. 20 billion
I might not be able to download on my
laptop but yes we will see that. Okay.
So we are getting account when we are
using it by docker. So can you tell me
the automation be continue when docker
is not running? Uh no mandra that will
not be the case. Now if your container
goes down then it will be a problem.
Cool. I think these were the doubts
everyone. Uh I'm just quickly sharing
the links which I did earlier. So please
make sure that you reach out all of us
here. I'm sharing the course link as
well. So for people who are looking
forward to quickly start their journey
into AI, we will be doing the same.
Okay. I think you have socials as well.
you are seeing the same on his YouTube
channel. I'm just sharing that uh course
link because I think someone asked for
the same. Let me do that. So you can
check out the same. Okay. Why should one
need to prefer N10 over lang flow?
Because NA10 is a lot better when it
comes to uh integrations etc. Lang flow
is a little bit more towards
specifically with AI but unnecessarily
many time we don't need AI. So that is
where it will be helpful. Okay.
Is it possible to receive certain posts
on social media from specific profile?
Adita, if you're asking about scraping
LinkedIn, that is not very
straightforward. Uh we have some limits
there and I will highly suggest to not
do that because it can uh lead to just
having your account blocked. Okay,
cool everyone. So I think these were all
the things. We will be having a Q&A
tomorrow at 8:00 Q&A where you can ask
your doubts. So I see many of the doubts
related to career as well which we will
be very happy to answer. Okay,
very good concept that you have taken.
Yeah. So again, wildlife lover, we will
be doing the same things in depth in the
coming weeks. So that will be helpful.
Okay,
cool. I think these are all the doubts
which I see and we should be all good,
right?
If anything else is there, just quickly
ask me and I will clear out the same.
Okay, I think mine kit is done. Huh?
Session.
>> Yeah. Yes, the session is done. We have
created an easy way through which you
can create LinkedIn thing and I told
that how we will be making it more
complex in the future classes.
>> Okay. So guys all the description links
that you are able to see the dashboard
link all the materials will be uploaded
there and again you can also go ahead
and check out our new course that we are
bringing for generative AI for leaders
and professional everything is in the
description you can go ahead and contact
even our support team they'll help you
out counseling team whatever
requirements that you have but this
specific course is for AI uh leaders
professionals anyone who is not much
into doing coding work but you really
want to use AI stuff in your day-to-day
uh activities that you do in your office
work and all right so you can go ahead
and explore that um yeah other than that
tomorrow we'll be having the live
session at that point of time we'll meet
you all and um yeah tomorrow since it is
15th August there'll be a lot of things
that will be coming up tomorrow for you
all uh we'll be happy to um do that
okay so I think uh this is it uh thank
you m for taking this amazing session Uh
uh thank you everyone. Please do make
sure to hit like, share your learnings
in LinkedIn and all the platforms and
definitely we'll see you all in in the
next session. Thank you. Have a great
day. Bye-bye. Take care. Mike, any last
thing that you want to say?
>> No, no. So thanks a lot everyone and I
do hope that all of you will be very
happy with what all we are bringing in
the world of AI. Now we have extensively
worked for the last couple of months to
bring this content to you and via this
AI for everyone series which we will be
doing uh in every week for free live. I
hope that all of you are very
comfortable in AI. Please do reach out
to me or Chris if you have any doubts
and we will be happy to get you started
in AI. Doesn't matter if you know coding
if you are a coder. The good thing that
we know each and everything for now for
the non-coders as well and for the
coders and that is the mindset which we
are learning that we are making AI
accessible to everyone. So that is what
we will be doing it. Okay. So yeah,
thanks a lot. We'll see you tomorrow as
well at 8:00.
>> Thank you guys. Have a great day.
Bye-bye. Take care. Thank you. We're
ending the session.